organism
benthos
heterotroph
cell
person
animal
plant
food
artifact
hop
check-in
dressage
curvet
piaffe
funambulism
rock climbing
contact sport
outdoor sport
gymnastics
acrobatics
track and field
track
jumping
broad jump
high jump
Fosbury flop
skiing
cross-country skiing
ski jumping
water sport
swimming
bathe
dip
dive
floating
dead-man's float
belly flop
cliff diving
flip
gainer
half gainer
jackknife
swan dive
skin diving
scuba diving
snorkeling
surfing
water-skiing
rowing
sculling
boxing
professional boxing
in-fighting
fight
rope-a-dope
spar
archery
sledding
tobogganing
luging
bobsledding
wrestling
Greco-Roman wrestling
professional wrestling
sumo
skating
ice skating
figure skating
rollerblading
roller skating
skateboarding
speed skating
racing
auto racing
boat racing
hydroplane racing
camel racing
greyhound racing
horse racing
riding
equestrian sport
pony-trekking
showjumping
cross-country riding
cycling
bicycling
motorcycling
dune cycling
blood sport
bullfighting
cockfighting
hunt
battue
beagling
coursing
deer hunting
ducking
fox hunting
pigsticking
fishing
angling
fly-fishing
troll
casting
bait casting
fly casting
overcast
surf casting
day game
athletic game
ice hockey
tetherball
water polo
outdoor game
golf
professional golf
round of golf
medal play
match play
miniature golf
croquet
quoits
shuffleboard
field game
field hockey
shinny
football
American football
professional football
touch football
hurling
rugby
ball game
baseball
ball
professional baseball
hardball
perfect game
no-hit game
one-hitter
two-hitter
three-hitter
four-hitter
five-hitter
softball
rounders
stickball
cricket
lacrosse
polo
pushball
soccer
court game
handball
racquetball
fives
squash
volleyball
jai alai
badminton
battledore
basketball
professional basketball
deck tennis
netball
tennis
professional tennis
singles
singles
doubles
doubles
royal tennis
pallone
sport
clasp
judo
team sport
Last Supper
Seder
camping
pest
critter
creepy-crawly
darter
peeper
homeotherm
poikilotherm
range animal
scavenger
bottom-feeder
bottom-feeder
work animal
beast of burden
draft animal
pack animal
domestic animal
feeder
feeder
stocker
hatchling
head
migrator
molter
pet
stayer
stunt
marine animal
by-catch
female
hen
male
adult
young
orphan
young mammal
baby
pup
wolf pup
puppy
cub
lion cub
bear cub
tiger cub
kit
suckling
sire
dam
thoroughbred
giant
mutant
carnivore
herbivore
insectivore
acrodont
pleurodont
microorganism
monohybrid
arbovirus
adenovirus
arenavirus
Marburg virus
Arenaviridae
vesiculovirus
Reoviridae
variola major
viroid
coliphage
paramyxovirus
poliovirus
herpes
herpes simplex 1
herpes zoster
herpes varicella zoster
cytomegalovirus
varicella zoster virus
polyoma
lyssavirus
reovirus
rotavirus
moneran
archaebacteria
bacteroid
Bacillus anthracis
Yersinia pestis
Brucella
spirillum
botulinus
clostridium perfringens
cyanobacteria
trichodesmium
nitric bacteria
spirillum
Francisella
gonococcus
Corynebacterium diphtheriae
enteric bacteria
klebsiella
Salmonella typhimurium
typhoid bacillus
nitrate bacterium
nitrite bacterium
actinomycete
streptomyces
Streptomyces erythreus
Streptomyces griseus
tubercle bacillus
pus-forming bacteria
streptobacillus
myxobacteria
staphylococcus
diplococcus
pneumococcus
streptococcus
spirochete
planktonic algae
zooplankton
parasite
endoparasite
ectoparasite
pathogen
commensal
myrmecophile
protoctist
protozoan
sarcodinian
heliozoan
endameba
ameba
globigerina
testacean
arcella
difflugia
ciliate
paramecium
stentor
alga
arame
seagrass
golden algae
yellow-green algae
brown algae
kelp
fucoid
fucoid
fucus
bladderwrack
green algae
pond scum
chlorella
stonewort
desmid
sea moss
eukaryote
prokaryote
zooid
Leishmania
zoomastigote
polymastigote
costia
giardia
cryptomonad
sporozoan
sporozoite
trophozoite
merozoite
coccidium
gregarine
plasmodium
leucocytozoan
microsporidian
Ostariophysi
cypriniform fish
loach
cyprinid
carp
domestic carp
leather carp
mirror carp
European bream
tench
dace
chub
shiner
common shiner
roach
rudd
minnow
gudgeon
goldfish
crucian carp
electric eel
catostomid
buffalo fish
black buffalo
hog sucker
redhorse
cyprinodont
killifish
mummichog
striped killifish
rivulus
flagfish
swordtail
guppy
topminnow
mosquitofish
platy
mollie
squirrelfish
reef squirrelfish
deepwater squirrelfish
Holocentrus ascensionis
soldierfish
anomalops
flashlight fish
John Dory
boarfish
boarfish
cornetfish
stickleback
three-spined stickleback
ten-spined stickleback
pipefish
dwarf pipefish
deepwater pipefish
seahorse
snipefish
shrimpfish
trumpetfish
pellicle
embryo
fetus
abortus
spawn
blastula
blastocyst
gastrula
morula
yolk
chordate
cephalochordate
lancelet
tunicate
ascidian
sea squirt
salp
doliolum
larvacean
appendicularia
ascidian tadpole
vertebrate
Amniota
amniote
aquatic vertebrate
jawless vertebrate
ostracoderm
heterostracan
anaspid
conodont
cyclostome
lamprey
sea lamprey
hagfish
Myxine glutinosa
eptatretus
gnathostome
placoderm
cartilaginous fish
holocephalan
chimaera
rabbitfish
elasmobranch
shark
cow shark
mackerel shark
porbeagle
mako
shortfin mako
longfin mako
bonito shark
great white shark
basking shark
thresher
carpet shark
nurse shark
sand tiger
whale shark
requiem shark
bull shark
sandbar shark
blacktip shark
whitetip shark
dusky shark
lemon shark
blue shark
tiger shark
soupfin shark
dogfish
smooth dogfish
smoothhound
American smooth dogfish
Florida smoothhound
whitetip shark
spiny dogfish
Atlantic spiny dogfish
Pacific spiny dogfish
hammerhead
smooth hammerhead
smalleye hammerhead
shovelhead
angel shark
ray
electric ray
sawfish
smalltooth sawfish
guitarfish
stingray
roughtail stingray
butterfly ray
eagle ray
spotted eagle ray
cownose ray
manta
Atlantic manta
devil ray
skate
grey skate
little skate
thorny skate
barndoor skate
bird
dickeybird
fledgling
nestling
cock
gamecock
hen
nester
night bird
night raven
bird of passage
archaeopteryx
archaeornis
ratite
carinate
ostrich
cassowary
emu
kiwi
rhea
rhea
elephant bird
moa
passerine
nonpasserine bird
oscine
songbird
honey eater
accentor
hedge sparrow
lark
skylark
wagtail
pipit
meadow pipit
finch
chaffinch
brambling
goldfinch
linnet
siskin
red siskin
redpoll
redpoll
New World goldfinch
pine siskin
house finch
purple finch
canary
common canary
serin
crossbill
bullfinch
junco
dark-eyed junco
New World sparrow
vesper sparrow
white-throated sparrow
white-crowned sparrow
chipping sparrow
field sparrow
tree sparrow
song sparrow
swamp sparrow
bunting
indigo bunting
ortolan
reed bunting
yellowhammer
yellow-breasted bunting
snow bunting
honeycreeper
banana quit
sparrow
English sparrow
tree sparrow
grosbeak
evening grosbeak
hawfinch
pine grosbeak
cardinal
pyrrhuloxia
towhee
chewink
green-tailed towhee
weaver
baya
whydah
Java sparrow
avadavat
grassfinch
zebra finch
honeycreeper
lyrebird
scrubbird
broadbill
tyrannid
New World flycatcher
kingbird
Arkansas kingbird
Cassin's kingbird
eastern kingbird
grey kingbird
pewee
western wood pewee
phoebe
vermillion flycatcher
cotinga
cock of the rock
cock of the rock
manakin
bellbird
umbrella bird
ovenbird
antbird
ant thrush
ant shrike
spotted antbird
woodhewer
pitta
scissortail
Old World flycatcher
spotted flycatcher
thickhead
thrush
missel thrush
song thrush
fieldfare
redwing
blackbird
ring ouzel
robin
clay-colored robin
hermit thrush
veery
wood thrush
nightingale
thrush nightingale
bulbul
Old World chat
stonechat
whinchat
solitaire
redstart
wheatear
bluebird
robin
bluethroat
warbler
gnatcatcher
kinglet
goldcrest
gold-crowned kinglet
ruby-crowned kinglet
Old World warbler
blackcap
greater whitethroat
lesser whitethroat
wood warbler
sedge warbler
wren warbler
tailorbird
babbler
New World warbler
parula warbler
Wilson's warbler
flycatching warbler
American redstart
Cape May warbler
yellow warbler
Blackburn
Audubon's warbler
myrtle warbler
blackpoll
New World chat
yellow-breasted chat
ovenbird
water thrush
yellowthroat
common yellowthroat
riflebird
New World oriole
northern oriole
Baltimore oriole
Bullock's oriole
orchard oriole
meadowlark
eastern meadowlark
western meadowlark
cacique
bobolink
New World blackbird
grackle
purple grackle
rusty blackbird
cowbird
red-winged blackbird
Old World oriole
golden oriole
fig-bird
starling
common starling
rose-colored starling
myna
crested myna
hill myna
corvine bird
crow
American crow
raven
rook
jackdaw
chough
jay
Old World jay
common European jay
New World jay
blue jay
Canada jay
Rocky Mountain jay
nutcracker
common nutcracker
Clark's nutcracker
magpie
European magpie
American magpie
Australian magpie
butcherbird
currawong
piping crow
wren
winter wren
house wren
marsh wren
long-billed marsh wren
sedge wren
rock wren
Carolina wren
cactus wren
mockingbird
blue mockingbird
catbird
thrasher
brown thrasher
New Zealand wren
rock wren
rifleman bird
creeper
brown creeper
European creeper
wall creeper
European nuthatch
red-breasted nuthatch
white-breasted nuthatch
titmouse
chickadee
black-capped chickadee
tufted titmouse
Carolina chickadee
blue tit
bushtit
wren-tit
verdin
fairy bluebird
swallow
barn swallow
cliff swallow
tree swallow
white-bellied swallow
martin
house martin
bank martin
purple martin
wood swallow
tanager
scarlet tanager
western tanager
summer tanager
hepatic tanager
shrike
butcherbird
European shrike
northern shrike
white-rumped shrike
loggerhead shrike
migrant shrike
bush shrike
black-fronted bush shrike
bowerbird
satin bowerbird
great bowerbird
water ouzel
European water ouzel
American water ouzel
vireo
red-eyed vireo
solitary vireo
blue-headed vireo
waxwing
cedar waxwing
Bohemian waxwing
bird of prey
Accipitriformes
hawk
eyas
tiercel
goshawk
sparrow hawk
Cooper's hawk
chicken hawk
buteonine
redtail
rough-legged hawk
red-shouldered hawk
buzzard
honey buzzard
kite
black kite
swallow-tailed kite
white-tailed kite
harrier
marsh harrier
Montagu's harrier
marsh hawk
harrier eagle
falcon
peregrine
falcon-gentle
gyrfalcon
kestrel
sparrow hawk
pigeon hawk
hobby
caracara
Audubon's caracara
carancha
eagle
young bird
eaglet
harpy
golden eagle
tawny eagle
bald eagle
sea eagle
Kamchatkan sea eagle
ern
fishing eagle
osprey
vulture
Aegypiidae
Old World vulture
griffon vulture
bearded vulture
Egyptian vulture
black vulture
secretary bird
New World vulture
buzzard
condor
Andean condor
California condor
black vulture
king vulture
owl
owlet
little owl
horned owl
great horned owl
great grey owl
tawny owl
barred owl
screech owl
screech owl
scops owl
spotted owl
Old World scops owl
Oriental scops owl
hoot owl
hawk owl
long-eared owl
laughing owl
barn owl
amphibian
Ichyostega
urodele
salamander
European fire salamander
spotted salamander
alpine salamander
newt
common newt
red eft
Pacific newt
rough-skinned newt
California newt
eft
ambystomid
mole salamander
spotted salamander
tiger salamander
axolotl
waterdog
hellbender
giant salamander
olm
mud puppy
dicamptodon
Pacific giant salamander
olympic salamander
lungless salamander
eastern red-backed salamander
western red-backed salamander
dusky salamander
climbing salamander
arboreal salamander
slender salamander
web-toed salamander
Shasta salamander
limestone salamander
amphiuma
siren
frog
true frog
wood-frog
leopard frog
bullfrog
green frog
cascades frog
goliath frog
pickerel frog
tarahumara frog
grass frog
leptodactylid frog
robber frog
barking frog
crapaud
tree frog
tailed frog
Liopelma hamiltoni
true toad
bufo
agua
European toad
natterjack
American toad
Eurasian green toad
American green toad
Yosemite toad
Texas toad
southwestern toad
western toad
obstetrical toad
midwife toad
fire-bellied toad
spadefoot
western spadefoot
southern spadefoot
plains spadefoot
tree toad
spring peeper
Pacific tree toad
canyon treefrog
chameleon tree frog
cricket frog
northern cricket frog
eastern cricket frog
chorus frog
lowland burrowing treefrog
western narrow-mouthed toad
eastern narrow-mouthed toad
sheep frog
tongueless frog
Surinam toad
African clawed frog
South American poison toad
caecilian
reptile
anapsid
diapsid
Diapsida
chelonian
turtle
sea turtle
green turtle
loggerhead
ridley
Atlantic ridley
Pacific ridley
hawksbill turtle
leatherback turtle
snapping turtle
common snapping turtle
alligator snapping turtle
mud turtle
musk turtle
terrapin
diamondback terrapin
red-bellied terrapin
slider
cooter
box turtle
Western box turtle
painted turtle
tortoise
European tortoise
giant tortoise
gopher tortoise
desert tortoise
Texas tortoise
soft-shelled turtle
spiny softshell
smooth softshell
tuatara
saurian
lizard
gecko
flying gecko
banded gecko
iguanid
common iguana
marine iguana
desert iguana
chuckwalla
zebra-tailed lizard
fringe-toed lizard
earless lizard
collared lizard
leopard lizard
spiny lizard
fence lizard
western fence lizard
eastern fence lizard
sagebrush lizard
side-blotched lizard
tree lizard
horned lizard
Texas horned lizard
basilisk
American chameleon
worm lizard
night lizard
skink
western skink
mountain skink
teiid lizard
whiptail
racerunner
plateau striped whiptail
Chihuahuan spotted whiptail
western whiptail
checkered whiptail
teju
caiman lizard
agamid
agama
frilled lizard
moloch
mountain devil
anguid lizard
alligator lizard
blindworm
glass lizard
legless lizard
Lanthanotus borneensis
venomous lizard
Gila monster
beaded lizard
lacertid lizard
sand lizard
green lizard
chameleon
African chameleon
horned chameleon
monitor
African monitor
Komodo dragon
crocodilian reptile
crocodile
African crocodile
Asian crocodile
Morlett's crocodile
false gavial
alligator
American alligator
Chinese alligator
caiman
spectacled caiman
gavial
armored dinosaur
stegosaur
ankylosaur
Edmontonia
bone-headed dinosaur
pachycephalosaur
ceratopsian
protoceratops
triceratops
styracosaur
psittacosaur
ornithopod
hadrosaur
trachodon
saurischian
sauropod
apatosaur
barosaur
diplodocus
argentinosaur
theropod
ceratosaur
coelophysis
tyrannosaur
allosaur
ornithomimid
maniraptor
oviraptorid
velociraptor
deinonychus
utahraptor
synapsid
dicynodont
pelycosaur
dimetrodon
pterosaur
pterodactyl
ichthyosaur
ichthyosaurus
stenopterygius
plesiosaur
nothosaur
snake
colubrid snake
hoop snake
thunder snake
ringneck snake
hognose snake
leaf-nosed snake
green snake
smooth green snake
rough green snake
green snake
racer
blacksnake
blue racer
horseshoe whipsnake
whip-snake
coachwhip
California whipsnake
Sonoran whipsnake
rat snake
corn snake
black rat snake
chicken snake
Indian rat snake
glossy snake
bull snake
gopher snake
pine snake
king snake
common kingsnake
milk snake
garter snake
common garter snake
ribbon snake
Western ribbon snake
lined snake
ground snake
eastern ground snake
water snake
common water snake
water moccasin
grass snake
viperine grass snake
red-bellied snake
sand snake
banded sand snake
black-headed snake
vine snake
lyre snake
Sonoran lyre snake
night snake
blind snake
western blind snake
indigo snake
eastern indigo snake
constrictor
boa
boa constrictor
rubber boa
rosy boa
anaconda
python
carpet snake
reticulated python
Indian python
rock python
amethystine python
elapid
coral snake
eastern coral snake
western coral snake
coral snake
African coral snake
Australian coral snake
copperhead
cobra
Indian cobra
asp
black-necked cobra
hamadryad
ringhals
mamba
black mamba
green mamba
death adder
tiger snake
Australian blacksnake
krait
banded krait
taipan
sea snake
viper
adder
asp
puff adder
gaboon viper
horned viper
pit viper
copperhead
water moccasin
rattlesnake
diamondback
timber rattlesnake
canebrake rattlesnake
prairie rattlesnake
sidewinder
Western diamondback
rock rattlesnake
tiger rattlesnake
Mojave rattlesnake
speckled rattlesnake
massasauga
ground rattler
fer-de-lance
carcase
carrion
arthropod
trilobite
arachnid
harvestman
scorpion
false scorpion
book scorpion
whip-scorpion
vinegarroon
spider
orb-weaving spider
black and gold garden spider
barn spider
garden spider
comb-footed spider
black widow
tarantula
wolf spider
European wolf spider
trap-door spider
acarine
tick
hard tick
Ixodes dammini
Ixodes neotomae
Ixodes pacificus
Ixodes scapularis
sheep-tick
Ixodes persulcatus
Ixodes dentatus
Ixodes spinipalpis
wood tick
soft tick
mite
web-spinning mite
acarid
trombidiid
trombiculid
harvest mite
acarus
itch mite
rust mite
spider mite
red spider
myriapod
garden centipede
tardigrade
centipede
house centipede
millipede
sea spider
Merostomata
horseshoe crab
Asian horseshoe crab
eurypterid
tongue worm
gallinaceous bird
domestic fowl
Dorking
Plymouth Rock
Cornish
Rock Cornish
game fowl
cochin
jungle fowl
jungle cock
jungle hen
red jungle fowl
chicken
bantam
chick
cock
cockerel
capon
hen
cackler
brood hen
mother hen
layer
pullet
spring chicken
Rhode Island red
Dominique
Orpington
turkey
turkey cock
ocellated turkey
grouse
black grouse
European black grouse
Asian black grouse
blackcock
greyhen
ptarmigan
red grouse
moorhen
capercaillie
spruce grouse
sage grouse
ruffed grouse
sharp-tailed grouse
prairie chicken
greater prairie chicken
lesser prairie chicken
heath hen
guan
curassow
piping guan
chachalaca
Texas chachalaca
megapode
mallee fowl
mallee hen
brush turkey
maleo
phasianid
pheasant
ring-necked pheasant
afropavo
argus
golden pheasant
bobwhite
northern bobwhite
Old World quail
migratory quail
monal
peafowl
peachick
peacock
peahen
blue peafowl
green peafowl
quail
California quail
tragopan
partridge
Hungarian partridge
red-legged partridge
Greek partridge
mountain quail
guinea fowl
guinea hen
hoatzin
tinamou
columbiform bird
dodo
pigeon
pouter pigeon
dove
rock dove
band-tailed pigeon
wood pigeon
turtledove
Streptopelia turtur
ringdove
Australian turtledove
mourning dove
domestic pigeon
squab
fairy swallow
roller
homing pigeon
carrier pigeon
passenger pigeon
sandgrouse
painted sandgrouse
pin-tailed sandgrouse
pallas's sandgrouse
parrot
popinjay
poll
African grey
amazon
macaw
kea
cockatoo
sulphur-crested cockatoo
pink cockatoo
cockateel
lovebird
lory
lorikeet
varied Lorikeet
rainbow lorikeet
parakeet
Carolina parakeet
budgerigar
ring-necked parakeet
cuculiform bird
cuckoo
European cuckoo
black-billed cuckoo
roadrunner
ani
coucal
crow pheasant
touraco
coraciiform bird
roller
European roller
ground roller
kingfisher
Eurasian kingfisher
belted kingfisher
kookaburra
bee eater
hornbill
hoopoe
Euopean hoopoe
wood hoopoe
motmot
tody
apodiform bird
swift
European swift
chimney swift
swiftlet
tree swift
hummingbird
Archilochus colubris
thornbill
goatsucker
European goatsucker
chuck-will's-widow
whippoorwill
poorwill
frogmouth
oilbird
piciform bird
woodpecker
green woodpecker
downy woodpecker
flicker
yellow-shafted flicker
gilded flicker
red-shafted flicker
ivorybill
redheaded woodpecker
sapsucker
yellow-bellied sapsucker
red-breasted sapsucker
wryneck
piculet
barbet
puffbird
honey guide
jacamar
toucan
toucanet
trogon
quetzal
resplendent quetzel
aquatic bird
waterfowl
anseriform bird
duck
drake
quack-quack
duckling
diving duck
dabbling duck
mallard
black duck
teal
greenwing
bluewing
garganey
widgeon
American widgeon
shoveler
pintail
sheldrake
shelduck
ruddy duck
bufflehead
goldeneye
Barrow's goldeneye
canvasback
pochard
redhead
scaup
greater scaup
lesser scaup
wild duck
wood duck
wood drake
mandarin duck
muscovy duck
sea duck
eider
scoter
common scoter
old squaw
merganser
goosander
American merganser
red-breasted merganser
smew
hooded merganser
goose
gosling
gander
Chinese goose
greylag
blue goose
snow goose
brant
common brant goose
honker
barnacle goose
coscoroba
swan
cob
pen
cygnet
mute swan
whooper
tundra swan
whistling swan
Bewick's swan
trumpeter
black swan
screamer
horned screamer
crested screamer
chaja
mammal
female mammal
tusker
prototherian
monotreme
echidna
echidna
platypus
marsupial
opossum
common opossum
crab-eating opossum
opossum rat
bandicoot
rabbit-eared bandicoot
kangaroo
giant kangaroo
wallaby
common wallaby
hare wallaby
nail-tailed wallaby
rock wallaby
pademelon
tree wallaby
musk kangaroo
rat kangaroo
potoroo
bettong
jerboa kangaroo
phalanger
cuscus
brush-tailed phalanger
flying phalanger
koala
wombat
dasyurid marsupial
dasyure
eastern dasyure
native cat
thylacine
Tasmanian devil
pouched mouse
numbat
pouched mole
placental
livestock
bull
cow
calf
calf
yearling
buck
doe
insectivore
mole
starnose mole
brewer's mole
golden mole
shrew mole
Asiatic shrew mole
American shrew mole
shrew
common shrew
masked shrew
short-tailed shrew
water shrew
American water shrew
European water shrew
Mediterranean water shrew
least shrew
hedgehog
tenrec
tailless tenrec
otter shrew
eiderdown
aftershaft
sickle feather
contour feather
bastard wing
saddle hackle
encolure
hair
squama
scute
sclerite
plastron
scallop shell
oyster shell
theca
invertebrate
sponge
choanocyte
glass sponge
Venus's flower basket
metazoan
coelenterate
planula
polyp
medusa
jellyfish
scyphozoan
Chrysaora quinquecirrha
hydrozoan
hydra
siphonophore
nanomia
Portuguese man-of-war
praya
apolemia
anthozoan
sea anemone
actinia
sea pen
coral
gorgonian
sea feather
sea fan
red coral
stony coral
brain coral
staghorn coral
mushroom coral
ctenophore
beroe
platyctenean
sea gooseberry
Venus's girdle
worm
helminth
woodworm
woodborer
acanthocephalan
arrowworm
bladder worm
flatworm
planarian
fluke
cercaria
liver fluke
Fasciolopsis buski
schistosome
tapeworm
echinococcus
taenia
ribbon worm
beard worm
rotifer
nematode
common roundworm
chicken roundworm
pinworm
eelworm
vinegar eel
trichina
hookworm
filaria
Guinea worm
annelid
archiannelid
oligochaete
earthworm
polychaete
lugworm
sea mouse
bloodworm
leech
medicinal leech
horseleech
mollusk
scaphopod
tooth shell
gastropod
abalone
ormer
scorpion shell
conch
giant conch
snail
edible snail
garden snail
brown snail
Helix hortensis
slug
seasnail
neritid
nerita
bleeding tooth
neritina
whelk
moon shell
periwinkle
limpet
common limpet
keyhole limpet
river limpet
sea slug
sea hare
Hermissenda crassicornis
bubble shell
physa
cowrie
money cowrie
tiger cowrie
solenogaster
chiton
bivalve
spat
clam
seashell
soft-shell clam
quahog
littleneck
cherrystone
geoduck
razor clam
giant clam
cockle
edible cockle
oyster
Japanese oyster
Virginia oyster
pearl oyster
saddle oyster
window oyster
ark shell
blood clam
mussel
marine mussel
edible mussel
freshwater mussel
pearly-shelled mussel
thin-shelled mussel
zebra mussel
scallop
bay scallop
sea scallop
shipworm
teredo
piddock
cephalopod
chambered nautilus
octopod
octopus
paper nautilus
decapod
squid
loligo
ommastrephes
architeuthis
cuttlefish
spirula
crustacean
malacostracan crustacean
decapod crustacean
brachyuran
crab
stone crab
hard-shell crab
soft-shell crab
Dungeness crab
rock crab
Jonah crab
swimming crab
English lady crab
American lady crab
blue crab
fiddler crab
pea crab
king crab
spider crab
European spider crab
giant crab
lobster
true lobster
American lobster
European lobster
Cape lobster
Norway lobster
spiny lobster
crayfish
Old World crayfish
American crayfish
hermit crab
shrimp
snapping shrimp
prawn
long-clawed prawn
tropical prawn
krill
Euphausia pacifica
opossum shrimp
stomatopod
mantis shrimp
squilla
isopod
woodlouse
pill bug
sow bug
sea louse
amphipod
skeleton shrimp
whale louse
daphnia
fairy shrimp
brine shrimp
tadpole shrimp
copepod
cyclops
seed shrimp
barnacle
acorn barnacle
goose barnacle
onychophoran
wading bird
stork
white stork
black stork
adjutant bird
marabou
openbill
jabiru
saddlebill
policeman bird
wood ibis
shoebill
ibis
wood ibis
sacred ibis
spoonbill
common spoonbill
roseate spoonbill
flamingo
heron
great blue heron
great white heron
egret
little blue heron
snowy egret
little egret
great white heron
American egret
cattle egret
night heron
black-crowned night heron
yellow-crowned night heron
boatbill
bittern
American bittern
European bittern
least bittern
crane
whooping crane
courlan
limpkin
crested cariama
chunga
rail
weka
crake
corncrake
spotted crake
gallinule
Florida gallinule
moorhen
purple gallinule
European gallinule
American gallinule
notornis
coot
American coot
Old World coot
bustard
great bustard
plain turkey
button quail
striped button quail
plain wanderer
trumpeter
Brazilian trumpeter
seabird
shorebird
plover
piping plover
killdeer
dotterel
golden plover
lapwing
turnstone
ruddy turnstone
black turnstone
sandpiper
surfbird
European sandpiper
spotted sandpiper
least sandpiper
red-backed sandpiper
greenshank
redshank
yellowlegs
greater yellowlegs
lesser yellowlegs
pectoral sandpiper
knot
curlew sandpiper
sanderling
upland sandpiper
ruff
reeve
tattler
Polynesian tattler
willet
woodcock
Eurasian woodcock
American woodcock
snipe
whole snipe
Wilson's snipe
great snipe
jacksnipe
dowitcher
greyback
red-breasted snipe
curlew
European curlew
Eskimo curlew
godwit
Hudsonian godwit
stilt
black-necked stilt
black-winged stilt
white-headed stilt
kaki
stilt
banded stilt
avocet
oystercatcher
phalarope
red phalarope
northern phalarope
Wilson's phalarope
pratincole
courser
cream-colored courser
crocodile bird
stone curlew
coastal diving bird
larid
gull
mew
black-backed gull
herring gull
laughing gull
ivory gull
kittiwake
tern
sea swallow
skimmer
jaeger
parasitic jaeger
skua
great skua
auk
auklet
razorbill
little auk
guillemot
black guillemot
pigeon guillemot
murre
common murre
thick-billed murre
puffin
Atlantic puffin
horned puffin
tufted puffin
gaviiform seabird
loon
podicipitiform seabird
grebe
great crested grebe
red-necked grebe
black-necked grebe
dabchick
pied-billed grebe
pelecaniform seabird
pelican
white pelican
Old world white pelican
frigate bird
gannet
solan
booby
cormorant
snakebird
water turkey
tropic bird
sphenisciform seabird
penguin
Adelie
king penguin
emperor penguin
jackass penguin
rock hopper
pelagic bird
procellariiform seabird
albatross
wandering albatross
black-footed albatross
petrel
white-chinned petrel
giant petrel
fulmar
shearwater
Manx shearwater
storm petrel
stormy petrel
Mother Carey's chicken
diving petrel
aquatic mammal
cetacean
whale
baleen whale
right whale
bowhead
rorqual
blue whale
finback
sei whale
lesser rorqual
humpback
grey whale
toothed whale
sperm whale
pygmy sperm whale
dwarf sperm whale
beaked whale
bottle-nosed whale
dolphin
common dolphin
bottlenose dolphin
Atlantic bottlenose dolphin
Pacific bottlenose dolphin
porpoise
harbor porpoise
vaquita
grampus
killer whale
pilot whale
river dolphin
narwhal
white whale
sea cow
manatee
dugong
Steller's sea cow
carnivore
omnivore
pinniped mammal
seal
crabeater seal
eared seal
fur seal
guadalupe fur seal
fur seal
Alaska fur seal
sea lion
South American sea lion
California sea lion
Australian sea lion
Steller sea lion
earless seal
harbor seal
harp seal
elephant seal
bearded seal
hooded seal
walrus
Atlantic walrus
Pacific walrus
Fissipedia
fissiped mammal
aardvark
canine
bitch
brood bitch
dog
pooch
cur
feist
pariah dog
lapdog
toy dog
Chihuahua
Japanese spaniel
Maltese dog
Pekinese
Shih-Tzu
toy spaniel
English toy spaniel
Blenheim spaniel
King Charles spaniel
papillon
toy terrier
hunting dog
courser
Rhodesian ridgeback
hound
Afghan hound
basset
beagle
bloodhound
bluetick
boarhound
coonhound
coondog
black-and-tan coonhound
dachshund
sausage dog
foxhound
American foxhound
Walker hound
English foxhound
harrier
Plott hound
redbone
wolfhound
borzoi
Irish wolfhound
greyhound
Italian greyhound
whippet
Ibizan hound
Norwegian elkhound
otterhound
Saluki
Scottish deerhound
staghound
Weimaraner
terrier
bullterrier
Staffordshire bullterrier
American Staffordshire terrier
Bedlington terrier
Border terrier
Kerry blue terrier
Irish terrier
Norfolk terrier
Norwich terrier
Yorkshire terrier
rat terrier
Manchester terrier
toy Manchester
fox terrier
smooth-haired fox terrier
wire-haired fox terrier
wirehair
Lakeland terrier
Welsh terrier
Sealyham terrier
Airedale
cairn
Australian terrier
Dandie Dinmont
Boston bull
schnauzer
miniature schnauzer
giant schnauzer
standard schnauzer
Scotch terrier
Tibetan terrier
silky terrier
Skye terrier
Clydesdale terrier
soft-coated wheaten terrier
West Highland white terrier
Lhasa
sporting dog
bird dog
water dog
retriever
flat-coated retriever
curly-coated retriever
golden retriever
Labrador retriever
Chesapeake Bay retriever
pointer
German short-haired pointer
setter
vizsla
English setter
Irish setter
Gordon setter
spaniel
Brittany spaniel
clumber
field spaniel
springer spaniel
English springer
Welsh springer spaniel
cocker spaniel
Sussex spaniel
water spaniel
American water spaniel
Irish water spaniel
griffon
working dog
watchdog
kuvasz
attack dog
housedog
schipperke
shepherd dog
Belgian sheepdog
groenendael
malinois
briard
kelpie
komondor
Old English sheepdog
Shetland sheepdog
collie
Border collie
Bouvier des Flandres
Rottweiler
German shepherd
police dog
pinscher
Doberman
miniature pinscher
Sennenhunde
Greater Swiss Mountain dog
Bernese mountain dog
Appenzeller
EntleBucher
boxer
mastiff
bull mastiff
Tibetan mastiff
bulldog
French bulldog
Great Dane
guide dog
Seeing Eye dog
hearing dog
Saint Bernard
seizure-alert dog
sled dog
Eskimo dog
malamute
Siberian husky
dalmatian
liver-spotted dalmatian
affenpinscher
basenji
pug
Leonberg
Newfoundland
Great Pyrenees
spitz
Samoyed
Pomeranian
chow
keeshond
griffon
Brabancon griffon
corgi
Pembroke
Cardigan
poodle
toy poodle
miniature poodle
standard poodle
large poodle
Mexican hairless
wolf
timber wolf
white wolf
red wolf
coyote
coydog
jackal
wild dog
dingo
dhole
crab-eating dog
raccoon dog
African hunting dog
hyena
striped hyena
brown hyena
spotted hyena
aardwolf
fox
vixen
Reynard
red fox
black fox
silver fox
red fox
kit fox
kit fox
Arctic fox
blue fox
grey fox
feline
cat
domestic cat
kitty
mouser
alley cat
stray
tom
gib
tabby
kitten
tabby
tiger cat
tortoiseshell
Persian cat
Angora
Siamese cat
blue point Siamese
Burmese cat
Egyptian cat
Maltese
Abyssinian
Manx
wildcat
sand cat
European wildcat
cougar
ocelot
jaguarundi
kaffir cat
jungle cat
serval
leopard cat
margay
manul
lynx
common lynx
Canada lynx
bobcat
spotted lynx
caracal
big cat
leopard
leopardess
panther
snow leopard
jaguar
lion
lioness
lionet
tiger
Bengal tiger
tigress
liger
tiglon
cheetah
saber-toothed tiger
Smiledon californicus
bear
brown bear
bruin
Syrian bear
grizzly
Alaskan brown bear
American black bear
cinnamon bear
Asiatic black bear
ice bear
sloth bear
viverrine
civet
large civet
small civet
binturong
Cryptoprocta
fossa
fanaloka
genet
banded palm civet
mongoose
Indian mongoose
ichneumon
palm cat
meerkat
slender-tailed meerkat
suricate
bat
fruit bat
flying fox
Pteropus capestratus
Pteropus hypomelanus
harpy
Cynopterus sphinx
carnivorous bat
mouse-eared bat
leafnose bat
macrotus
spearnose bat
Phyllostomus hastatus
hognose bat
horseshoe bat
horseshoe bat
orange bat
false vampire
big-eared bat
vespertilian bat
frosted bat
red bat
brown bat
little brown bat
cave myotis
big brown bat
serotine
pallid bat
pipistrelle
eastern pipistrel
jackass bat
long-eared bat
western big-eared bat
freetail
guano bat
pocketed bat
mastiff bat
vampire bat
Desmodus rotundus
hairy-legged vampire bat
predator
prey
game
big game
game bird
fossorial mammal
tetrapod
quadruped
hexapod
biped
insect
social insect
holometabola
defoliator
pollinator
gallfly
scorpion fly
hanging fly
collembolan
beetle
tiger beetle
ladybug
two-spotted ladybug
Mexican bean beetle
Hippodamia convergens
vedalia
ground beetle
bombardier beetle
calosoma
searcher
firefly
glowworm
long-horned beetle
sawyer
pine sawyer
leaf beetle
flea beetle
Colorado potato beetle
carpet beetle
buffalo carpet beetle
black carpet beetle
clerid beetle
bee beetle
lamellicorn beetle
scarabaeid beetle
dung beetle
scarab
tumblebug
dorbeetle
June beetle
green June beetle
Japanese beetle
Oriental beetle
rhinoceros beetle
melolonthid beetle
cockchafer
rose chafer
rose chafer
stag beetle
elaterid beetle
click beetle
firefly
wireworm
water beetle
whirligig beetle
deathwatch beetle
weevil
snout beetle
boll weevil
blister beetle
oil beetle
Spanish fly
Dutch-elm beetle
bark beetle
spruce bark beetle
rove beetle
darkling beetle
mealworm
flour beetle
seed beetle
pea weevil
bean weevil
rice weevil
Asian longhorned beetle
web spinner
louse
common louse
head louse
body louse
crab louse
bird louse
flea
Pulex irritans
dog flea
cat flea
chigoe
sticktight
dipterous insect
gall midge
Hessian fly
fly
housefly
tsetse fly
blowfly
bluebottle
greenbottle
flesh fly
tachina fly
gadfly
botfly
human botfly
sheep botfly
warble fly
horsefly
bee fly
robber fly
fruit fly
apple maggot
Mediterranean fruit fly
drosophila
vinegar fly
leaf miner
louse fly
horse tick
sheep ked
horn fly
mosquito
wiggler
gnat
yellow-fever mosquito
Asian tiger mosquito
anopheline
malarial mosquito
common mosquito
Culex quinquefasciatus
gnat
punkie
midge
fungus gnat
psychodid
sand fly
fungus gnat
armyworm
crane fly
blackfly
hymenopterous insect
bee
drone
queen bee
worker
soldier
worker bee
honeybee
Africanized bee
black bee
Carniolan bee
Italian bee
carpenter bee
bumblebee
cuckoo-bumblebee
andrena
Nomia melanderi
leaf-cutting bee
mason bee
potter bee
wasp
vespid
paper wasp
hornet
giant hornet
common wasp
bald-faced hornet
yellow jacket
Polistes annularis
mason wasp
potter wasp
Mutillidae
velvet ant
sphecoid wasp
mason wasp
digger wasp
cicada killer
mud dauber
gall wasp
chalcid fly
strawworm
chalcis fly
ichneumon fly
sawfly
birch leaf miner
ant
pharaoh ant
little black ant
army ant
carpenter ant
fire ant
wood ant
slave ant
Formica fusca
slave-making ant
sanguinary ant
bulldog ant
Amazon ant
termite
dry-wood termite
Reticulitermes lucifugus
Mastotermes darwiniensis
Mastotermes electrodominicus
powder-post termite
orthopterous insect
grasshopper
short-horned grasshopper
locust
migratory locust
migratory grasshopper
long-horned grasshopper
katydid
mormon cricket
sand cricket
cricket
mole cricket
European house cricket
field cricket
tree cricket
snowy tree cricket
phasmid
walking stick
diapheromera
walking leaf
cockroach
oriental cockroach
American cockroach
Australian cockroach
German cockroach
giant cockroach
mantis
praying mantis
bug
hemipterous insect
leaf bug
mirid bug
four-lined plant bug
lygus bug
tarnished plant bug
lace bug
lygaeid
chinch bug
coreid bug
squash bug
leaf-footed bug
bedbug
backswimmer
true bug
heteropterous insect
water bug
giant water bug
water scorpion
water boatman
water strider
common pond-skater
assassin bug
conenose
wheel bug
firebug
cotton stainer
homopterous insect
whitefly
citrus whitefly
greenhouse whitefly
sweet-potato whitefly
superbug
cotton strain
coccid insect
scale insect
soft scale
brown soft scale
armored scale
San Jose scale
cochineal insect
mealybug
citrophilous mealybug
Comstock mealybug
citrus mealybug
plant louse
aphid
apple aphid
blackfly
greenfly
green peach aphid
ant cow
woolly aphid
woolly apple aphid
woolly alder aphid
adelgid
balsam woolly aphid
spruce gall aphid
woolly adelgid
jumping plant louse
cicada
dog-day cicada
seventeen-year locust
spittle insect
froghopper
meadow spittlebug
pine spittlebug
Saratoga spittlebug
leafhopper
plant hopper
treehopper
lantern fly
psocopterous insect
psocid
bark-louse
booklouse
common booklouse
ephemerid
mayfly
stonefly
neuropteron
ant lion
doodlebug
lacewing
aphid lion
green lacewing
brown lacewing
dobson
hellgrammiate
fish fly
alderfly
snakefly
mantispid
odonate
dragonfly
damselfly
trichopterous insect
caddis fly
caseworm
caddisworm
thysanuran insect
bristletail
silverfish
firebrat
jumping bristletail
thysanopter
thrips
tobacco thrips
onion thrips
earwig
common European earwig
lepidopterous insect
butterfly
nymphalid
mourning cloak
tortoiseshell
painted beauty
admiral
red admiral
white admiral
banded purple
red-spotted purple
viceroy
anglewing
ringlet
comma
fritillary
silverspot
emperor butterfly
purple emperor
peacock
danaid
monarch
pierid
cabbage butterfly
small white
large white
southern cabbage butterfly
sulphur butterfly
lycaenid
blue
copper
American copper
hairstreak
Strymon melinus
moth
moth miller
tortricid
leaf roller
tea tortrix
orange tortrix
codling moth
lymantriid
tussock caterpillar
gypsy moth
browntail
gold-tail moth
geometrid
Paleacrita vernata
Alsophila pometaria
cankerworm
spring cankerworm
fall cankerworm
measuring worm
pyralid
bee moth
corn borer
Mediterranean flour moth
tobacco moth
almond moth
raisin moth
tineoid
tineid
clothes moth
casemaking clothes moth
webbing clothes moth
carpet moth
gelechiid
grain moth
angoumois moth
potato moth
potato tuberworm
noctuid moth
cutworm
underwing
red underwing
antler moth
heliothis moth
army cutworm
armyworm
armyworm
Spodoptera exigua
beet armyworm
Spodoptera frugiperda
fall armyworm
hawkmoth
Manduca sexta
tobacco hornworm
Manduca quinquemaculata
tomato hornworm
death's-head moth
bombycid
domestic silkworm moth
silkworm
saturniid
emperor
imperial moth
giant silkworm moth
silkworm
luna moth
cecropia
cynthia moth
ailanthus silkworm
io moth
polyphemus moth
pernyi moth
tussah
atlas moth
arctiid
tiger moth
cinnabar
lasiocampid
eggar
tent-caterpillar moth
tent caterpillar
tent-caterpillar moth
forest tent caterpillar
lappet
lappet caterpillar
webworm
webworm moth
Hyphantria cunea
fall webworm
garden webworm
instar
caterpillar
corn borer
bollworm
pink bollworm
corn earworm
cabbageworm
woolly bear
woolly bear moth
larva
nymph
leptocephalus
grub
maggot
leatherjacket
pupa
chrysalis
imago
queen
phoronid
bryozoan
brachiopod
peanut worm
echinoderm
starfish
brittle star
basket star
Astrophyton muricatum
sea urchin
edible sea urchin
sand dollar
heart urchin
crinoid
sea lily
feather star
sea cucumber
trepang
Duplicidentata
lagomorph
leporid
rabbit
rabbit ears
lapin
bunny
European rabbit
wood rabbit
eastern cottontail
swamp rabbit
marsh hare
hare
leveret
European hare
jackrabbit
white-tailed jackrabbit
blacktail jackrabbit
polar hare
snowshoe hare
Belgian hare
Angora
pika
little chief hare
collared pika
rodent
mouse
rat
pocket rat
murine
house mouse
harvest mouse
field mouse
nude mouse
European wood mouse
brown rat
wharf rat
sewer rat
black rat
bandicoot rat
jerboa rat
kangaroo mouse
water rat
beaver rat
New World mouse
American harvest mouse
wood mouse
white-footed mouse
deer mouse
cactus mouse
cotton mouse
pygmy mouse
grasshopper mouse
muskrat
round-tailed muskrat
cotton rat
wood rat
dusky-footed wood rat
vole
packrat
dusky-footed woodrat
eastern woodrat
rice rat
pine vole
meadow vole
water vole
prairie vole
water vole
red-backed mouse
phenacomys
hamster
Eurasian hamster
golden hamster
gerbil
jird
tamarisk gerbil
sand rat
lemming
European lemming
brown lemming
grey lemming
pied lemming
Hudson bay collared lemming
southern bog lemming
northern bog lemming
porcupine
Old World porcupine
brush-tailed porcupine
long-tailed porcupine
New World porcupine
Canada porcupine
pocket mouse
silky pocket mouse
plains pocket mouse
hispid pocket mouse
Mexican pocket mouse
kangaroo rat
Ord kangaroo rat
kangaroo mouse
jumping mouse
meadow jumping mouse
jerboa
typical jerboa
Jaculus jaculus
dormouse
loir
hazel mouse
lerot
gopher
plains pocket gopher
southeastern pocket gopher
valley pocket gopher
northern pocket gopher
squirrel
tree squirrel
eastern grey squirrel
western grey squirrel
fox squirrel
black squirrel
red squirrel
American red squirrel
chickeree
antelope squirrel
ground squirrel
mantled ground squirrel
suslik
flickertail
rock squirrel
Arctic ground squirrel
prairie dog
blacktail prairie dog
whitetail prairie dog
eastern chipmunk
chipmunk
baronduki
American flying squirrel
southern flying squirrel
northern flying squirrel
marmot
groundhog
hoary marmot
yellowbelly marmot
Asiatic flying squirrel
beaver
Old World beaver
New World beaver
mountain beaver
cavy
guinea pig
aperea
mara
capybara
agouti
paca
mountain paca
coypu
chinchilla
mountain chinchilla
viscacha
abrocome
mole rat
mole rat
sand rat
naked mole rat
queen
Damaraland mole rat
Ungulata
ungulate
unguiculate
dinoceras
hyrax
rock hyrax
odd-toed ungulate
equine
horse
roan
stablemate
gee-gee
eohippus
foal
filly
colt
male horse
ridgeling
stallion
stud
gelding
mare
broodmare
saddle horse
remount
palfrey
warhorse
cavalry horse
charger
steed
prancer
hack
cow pony
quarter horse
Morgan
Tennessee walker
American saddle horse
Appaloosa
Arabian
Lippizan
pony
polo pony
mustang
bronco
bucking bronco
buckskin
crowbait
dun
grey
wild horse
tarpan
Przewalski's horse
cayuse
hack
hack
plow horse
pony
Shetland pony
Welsh pony
Exmoor
racehorse
thoroughbred
steeplechaser
racer
finisher
pony
yearling
dark horse
mudder
nonstarter
stalking-horse
harness horse
cob
hackney
workhorse
draft horse
packhorse
carthorse
Clydesdale
Percheron
farm horse
shire
pole horse
post horse
coach horse
pacer
pacer
trotting horse
pole horse
stepper
chestnut
liver chestnut
bay
sorrel
palomino
pinto
ass
domestic ass
burro
moke
jack
jennet
mule
hinny
wild ass
African wild ass
kiang
onager
chigetai
zebra
common zebra
mountain zebra
grevy's zebra
quagga
rhinoceros
Indian rhinoceros
woolly rhinoceros
white rhinoceros
black rhinoceros
tapir
New World tapir
Malayan tapir
even-toed ungulate
swine
hog
piglet
sucking pig
porker
boar
sow
razorback
wild boar
babirusa
warthog
peccary
collared peccary
white-lipped peccary
hippopotamus
ruminant
bovid
bovine
ox
cattle
ox
stirk
bullock
bull
cow
heifer
bullock
dogie
maverick
beef
longhorn
Brahman
zebu
aurochs
yak
banteng
Welsh
red poll
Santa Gertrudis
Aberdeen Angus
Africander
dairy cattle
Ayrshire
Brown Swiss
Charolais
Jersey
Devon
grade
Durham
milking shorthorn
Galloway
Friesian
Guernsey
Hereford
cattalo
Old World buffalo
water buffalo
Indian buffalo
carabao
anoa
tamarau
Cape buffalo
Asian wild ox
gaur
gayal
bison
American bison
wisent
musk ox
sheep
ewe
ram
wether
lamb
lambkin
baa-lamb
hog
teg
Persian lamb
black sheep
domestic sheep
Cotswold
Hampshire
Lincoln
Exmoor
Cheviot
broadtail
longwool
merino
Rambouillet
wild sheep
argali
Marco Polo sheep
urial
Dall sheep
mountain sheep
bighorn
mouflon
aoudad
goat
kid
billy
nanny
domestic goat
Cashmere goat
Angora
wild goat
bezoar goat
markhor
ibex
goat antelope
mountain goat
goral
serow
chamois
takin
antelope
blackbuck
gerenuk
addax
gnu
dik-dik
hartebeest
sassaby
impala
gazelle
Thomson's gazelle
Gazella subgutturosa
springbok
bongo
kudu
greater kudu
lesser kudu
harnessed antelope
nyala
mountain nyala
bushbuck
nilgai
sable antelope
saiga
steenbok
eland
common eland
giant eland
kob
lechwe
waterbuck
puku
oryx
gemsbok
forest goat
pronghorn
deer
stag
royal
pricket
fawn
red deer
hart
hind
brocket
sambar
wapiti
Japanese deer
Virginia deer
mule deer
black-tailed deer
elk
fallow deer
roe deer
roebuck
caribou
woodland caribou
barren ground caribou
brocket
muntjac
musk deer
pere david's deer
chevrotain
kanchil
napu
water chevrotain
camel
Arabian camel
Bactrian camel
llama
domestic llama
guanaco
alpaca
vicuna
giraffe
okapi
musteline mammal
weasel
ermine
stoat
New World least weasel
Old World least weasel
longtail weasel
mink
American mink
polecat
ferret
black-footed ferret
muishond
snake muishond
striped muishond
otter
river otter
Eurasian otter
sea otter
skunk
striped skunk
hooded skunk
hog-nosed skunk
spotted skunk
badger
American badger
Eurasian badger
ratel
ferret badger
hog badger
wolverine
glutton
grison
marten
pine marten
sable
American marten
stone marten
fisher
yellow-throated marten
tayra
fictional animal
pachyderm
edentate
armadillo
peba
apar
tatouay
peludo
giant armadillo
pichiciago
sloth
three-toed sloth
two-toed sloth
two-toed sloth
megatherian
mylodontid
anteater
ant bear
silky anteater
tamandua
pangolin
coronet
scapular
tadpole
primate
simian
ape
anthropoid
anthropoid ape
hominoid
hominid
homo
world
Homo erectus
Pithecanthropus
Java man
Peking man
Sinanthropus
Homo soloensis
Javanthropus
Homo habilis
Homo sapiens
Neandertal man
Cro-magnon
Homo sapiens sapiens
australopithecine
Australopithecus afarensis
Australopithecus africanus
Australopithecus boisei
Zinjanthropus
Australopithecus robustus
Paranthropus
Sivapithecus
rudapithecus
proconsul
Aegyptopithecus
great ape
orangutan
gorilla
western lowland gorilla
eastern lowland gorilla
mountain gorilla
silverback
chimpanzee
western chimpanzee
eastern chimpanzee
central chimpanzee
pygmy chimpanzee
lesser ape
gibbon
siamang
monkey
Old World monkey
guenon
talapoin
grivet
vervet
green monkey
mangabey
patas
baboon
chacma
mandrill
drill
macaque
rhesus
bonnet macaque
Barbary ape
crab-eating macaque
langur
entellus
colobus
guereza
proboscis monkey
New World monkey
marmoset
true marmoset
pygmy marmoset
tamarin
silky tamarin
pinche
capuchin
douroucouli
howler monkey
saki
uakari
titi
spider monkey
squirrel monkey
woolly monkey
tree shrew
prosimian
lemur
Madagascar cat
aye-aye
slender loris
slow loris
potto
angwantibo
galago
indri
woolly indris
tarsier
Tarsius syrichta
Tarsius glis
flying lemur
Cynocephalus variegatus
proboscidean
elephant
rogue elephant
Indian elephant
African elephant
mammoth
woolly mammoth
columbian mammoth
imperial mammoth
mastodon
plantigrade mammal
digitigrade mammal
procyonid
raccoon
common raccoon
crab-eating raccoon
bassarisk
kinkajou
coati
lesser panda
giant panda
twitterer
fish
fingerling
game fish
food fish
rough fish
groundfish
young fish
parr
mouthbreeder
spawner
barracouta
crossopterygian
coelacanth
lungfish
ceratodus
catfish
silurid
European catfish
electric catfish
bullhead
horned pout
brown bullhead
channel catfish
blue catfish
flathead catfish
armored catfish
sea catfish
gadoid
cod
codling
Atlantic cod
Pacific cod
whiting
burbot
haddock
pollack
hake
silver hake
ling
cusk
grenadier
eel
elver
common eel
tuna
moray
conger
teleost fish
beaked salmon
clupeid fish
whitebait
brit
shad
common American shad
river shad
allice shad
alewife
menhaden
herring
Atlantic herring
Pacific herring
sardine
sild
brisling
pilchard
Pacific sardine
anchovy
mediterranean anchovy
salmonid
salmon
parr
blackfish
redfish
Atlantic salmon
landlocked salmon
sockeye
chinook
coho
trout
brown trout
rainbow trout
sea trout
lake trout
brook trout
char
Arctic char
whitefish
lake whitefish
cisco
round whitefish
smelt
sparling
capelin
tarpon
ladyfish
bonefish
argentine
lanternfish
lizardfish
lancetfish
opah
New World opah
ribbonfish
dealfish
oarfish
batfish
goosefish
toadfish
oyster fish
frogfish
sargassum fish
needlefish
timucu
flying fish
monoplane flying fish
halfbeak
saury
spiny-finned fish
lingcod
percoid fish
perch
climbing perch
perch
yellow perch
European perch
pike-perch
walleye
blue pike
snail darter
cusk-eel
brotula
pearlfish
robalo
snook
pike
northern pike
muskellunge
pickerel
chain pickerel
redfin pickerel
sunfish
crappie
black crappie
white crappie
freshwater bream
pumpkinseed
bluegill
spotted sunfish
freshwater bass
rock bass
black bass
Kentucky black bass
smallmouth
largemouth
bass
serranid fish
white perch
yellow bass
blackmouth bass
rock sea bass
striped bass
stone bass
grouper
hind
rock hind
creole-fish
jewfish
soapfish
surfperch
rainbow seaperch
bigeye
catalufa
cardinalfish
flame fish
tilefish
bluefish
cobia
remora
sharksucker
whale sucker
carangid fish
jack
crevalle jack
yellow jack
runner
rainbow runner
leatherjacket
threadfish
moonfish
lookdown
amberjack
yellowtail
kingfish
pompano
Florida pompano
permit
scad
horse mackerel
horse mackerel
bigeye scad
mackerel scad
round scad
dolphinfish
Coryphaena hippurus
Coryphaena equisetis
pomfret
characin
tetra
cardinal tetra
piranha
cichlid
bolti
snapper
red snapper
grey snapper
mutton snapper
schoolmaster
yellowtail
grunt
margate
Spanish grunt
tomtate
cottonwick
sailor's-choice
porkfish
pompon
pigfish
sparid
sea bream
porgy
red porgy
European sea bream
Atlantic sea bream
sheepshead
pinfish
sheepshead porgy
snapper
black bream
scup
scup
sciaenid fish
striped drum
jackknife-fish
silver perch
red drum
mulloway
maigre
croaker
Atlantic croaker
yellowfin croaker
whiting
kingfish
king whiting
northern whiting
corbina
white croaker
white croaker
sea trout
weakfish
spotted weakfish
mullet
goatfish
red goatfish
yellow goatfish
mullet
striped mullet
white mullet
liza
silversides
jacksmelt
barracuda
great barracuda
sweeper
sea chub
Bermuda chub
spadefish
butterfly fish
chaetodon
angelfish
rock beauty
damselfish
beaugregory
anemone fish
clown anemone fish
sergeant major
wrasse
pigfish
hogfish
slippery dick
puddingwife
bluehead
pearly razorfish
tautog
cunner
parrotfish
threadfin
jawfish
stargazer
sand stargazer
blenny
shanny
Molly Miller
clinid
pikeblenny
bluethroat pikeblenny
gunnel
rock gunnel
eelblenny
wrymouth
wolffish
viviparous eelpout
ocean pout
sand lance
dragonet
goby
mudskipper
sleeper
flathead
archerfish
surgeonfish
gempylid
snake mackerel
escolar
oilfish
cutlassfish
scombroid
mackerel
common mackerel
Spanish mackerel
chub mackerel
wahoo
Spanish mackerel
king mackerel
Scomberomorus maculatus
cero
sierra
tuna
albacore
bluefin
yellowfin
bonito
skipjack
Chile bonito
skipjack
bonito
swordfish
sailfish
Atlantic sailfish
billfish
marlin
blue marlin
black marlin
striped marlin
white marlin
spearfish
louvar
dollarfish
palometa
harvestfish
driftfish
barrelfish
clingfish
tripletail
Atlantic tripletail
Pacific tripletail
mojarra
yellowfin mojarra
silver jenny
whiting
ganoid
bowfin
paddlefish
Chinese paddlefish
sturgeon
Pacific sturgeon
beluga
gar
scorpaenoid
scorpaenid
scorpionfish
plumed scorpionfish
lionfish
stonefish
rockfish
copper rockfish
vermillion rockfish
red rockfish
rosefish
bullhead
miller's-thumb
sea raven
lumpfish
lumpsucker
pogge
greenling
kelp greenling
painted greenling
flathead
gurnard
tub gurnard
sea robin
northern sea robin
flying gurnard
plectognath
triggerfish
queen triggerfish
filefish
leatherjacket
boxfish
cowfish
puffer
spiny puffer
porcupinefish
balloonfish
burrfish
ocean sunfish
sharptail mola
flatfish
flounder
righteye flounder
plaice
European flatfish
yellowtail flounder
winter flounder
lemon sole
American plaice
halibut
Atlantic halibut
Pacific halibut
lefteye flounder
southern flounder
summer flounder
whiff
horned whiff
sand dab
windowpane
brill
turbot
tonguefish
sole
European sole
English sole
hogchoker
aba
abacus
abandoned ship
A battery
abattoir
abaya
Abbe condenser
abbey
abbey
abbey
Abney level
abrader
abrading stone
abutment
abutment arch
academic costume
academic gown
accelerator
accelerator
accelerator
accelerometer
accessory
accommodating lens implant
accommodation
accordion
acetate disk
acetate rayon
achromatic lens
acoustic delay line
acoustic device
acoustic guitar
acoustic modem
acropolis
acrylic
acrylic
actinometer
action
active matrix screen
actuator
adapter
adder
adding machine
addressing machine
adhesive bandage
adit
adjoining room
adjustable wrench
adobe
adz
aeolian harp
aerator
aerial torpedo
aerosol
Aertex
afghan
Afro-wig
afterburner
after-shave
agateware
agglomerator
aglet
aglet
agora
aigrette
aileron
air bag
airbrake
airbrush
airbus
air compressor
air conditioner
aircraft
aircraft carrier
aircraft engine
air cushion
airdock
airfield
air filter
airfoil
airframe
air gun
air hammer
air horn
airing cupboard
airliner
airmailer
airplane
airplane propeller
airport
air pump
air search radar
airship
air terminal
air-to-air missile
air-to-ground missile
aisle
Aladdin's lamp
alarm
alarm clock
alb
alcazar
alcohol thermometer
alehouse
alembic
algometer
alidade
alidade
A-line
Allen screw
Allen wrench
alligator wrench
alms dish
alpaca
alpenstock
altar
altar
altarpiece
altazimuth
alternator
altimeter
Amati
ambulance
amen corner
American organ
ammeter
ammonia clock
ammunition
amphibian
amphibian
amphitheater
amphitheater
amphora
amplifier
ampulla
amusement arcade
analog clock
analog computer
analog watch
analytical balance
analyzer
anamorphosis
anastigmat
anchor
anchor chain
anchor light
AND circuit
andiron
android
anechoic chamber
anemometer
aneroid barometer
angiocardiogram
angioscope
angle bracket
angledozer
ankle brace
anklet
anklet
ankus
anode
anode
answering machine
antenna
anteroom
antiaircraft
antiballistic missile
antifouling paint
anti-G suit
antimacassar
antiperspirant
anti-submarine rocket
anvil
ao dai
apadana
apartment
apartment building
aperture
aperture
apiary
apparatus
apparel
applecart
appliance
appliance
applicator
appointment
apron
apron string
apse
aqualung
aquaplane
aquarium
arabesque
arbor
arcade
arch
architecture
architrave
arch support
arc lamp
arctic
area
areaway
argyle
ark
arm
armament
armature
armband
armchair
armet
arm guard
armhole
armilla
armlet
armoire
armor
armored car
armored car
armored personnel carrier
armored vehicle
armor plate
armory
armrest
arquebus
array
array
arrester
arrow
arsenal
arterial road
arthrogram
arthroscope
artificial heart
artificial horizon
artificial joint
artificial kidney
artificial skin
artillery
artillery shell
artist's loft
art school
ascot
ashcan
ash-pan
ashtray
aspergill
aspersorium
aspirator
aspirin powder
assault gun
assault rifle
assegai
assembly
assembly
assembly hall
assembly plant
astatic coils
astatic galvanometer
astrodome
astrolabe
astronomical telescope
astronomy satellite
athenaeum
athletic sock
athletic supporter
atlas
atmometer
atom bomb
atomic clock
atomic pile
atomizer
atrium
attache case
attachment
attack submarine
attenuator
attic
attic fan
attire
audio amplifier
audiocassette
audio CD
audiometer
audio system
audiotape
audiotape
audiovisual
auditorium
auger
autobahn
autoclave
autofocus
autogiro
autoinjector
autoloader
automat
automat
automatic choke
automatic firearm
automatic pistol
automatic rifle
automatic transmission
automation
automaton
automobile engine
automobile factory
automobile horn
autopilot
autoradiograph
autostrada
auxiliary boiler
auxiliary engine
auxiliary pump
auxiliary research submarine
auxiliary storage
aviary
awl
awning
ax
ax handle
ax head
axis
axle
axle bar
axletree
babushka
baby bed
baby buggy
baby grand
baby powder
baby shoe
back
back
backbench
backboard
backboard
backbone
back brace
backgammon board
background
backhoe
backlighting
backpack
backpacking tent
backplate
back porch
backsaw
backscratcher
backseat
backspace key
backstairs
backstay
backstop
backsword
backup system
badminton court
badminton equipment
badminton racket
bag
bag
bag
baggage
baggage
baggage car
baggage claim
bagpipe
bailey
bailey
Bailey bridge
bain-marie
bait
baize
bakery
balaclava
balalaika
balance
balance beam
balance wheel
balbriggan
balcony
balcony
baldachin
baldric
bale
baling wire
ball
ball
ball and chain
ball-and-socket joint
ballast
ball bearing
ball cartridge
ballcock
balldress
ballet skirt
ball gown
ballistic galvanometer
ballistic missile
ballistic pendulum
ballistocardiograph
balloon
balloon bomb
balloon sail
ballot box
ballpark
ball-peen hammer
ballpoint
ballroom
ball valve
balsa raft
baluster
banana boat
band
bandage
Band Aid
bandanna
bandbox
banderilla
bandoleer
bandoneon
bandsaw
bandwagon
bangalore torpedo
bangle
banjo
banner
bannister
banquette
banyan
baptismal font
bar
bar
barbecue
barbed wire
barbell
barber chair
barbershop
barbette carriage
barbican
bar bit
bareboat
barge
barge pole
baritone
bark
bar magnet
bar mask
barn
barndoor
barn door
barnyard
barograph
barometer
barong
barouche
bar printer
barrack
barrage balloon
barrel
barrel
barrelhouse
barrel knot
barrel organ
barrel vault
barrette
barricade
barrier
barroom
barrow
bascule
base
base
baseball
baseball bat
baseball cap
baseball equipment
baseball glove
basement
basement
basic point defense missile system
basilica
basilica
basilisk
basin
basinet
basket
basket
basketball
basketball court
basketball equipment
basket weave
bass
bass clarinet
bass drum
basset horn
bass fiddle
bass guitar
bass horn
bassinet
bassinet
bassoon
baster
bastinado
bastion
bastion
bat
bath
bath chair
bathhouse
bathhouse
bathing cap
bath oil
bathrobe
bathroom
bath salts
bath towel
bathtub
bathyscaphe
bathysphere
batik
batiste
baton
baton
baton
baton
battering ram
batter's box
battery
battery
batting cage
batting glove
batting helmet
battle-ax
battle cruiser
battle dress
battlement
battleship
battle sight
bay
bay
bayonet
bay rum
bay window
bazaar
bazaar
bazooka
B battery
BB gun
beach house
beach towel
beach wagon
beachwear
beacon
beading plane
beaker
beaker
beam
beam balance
beanbag
beanie
bearing
bearing rein
bearing wall
bearskin
beater
beating-reed instrument
beaver
beaver
Beckman thermometer
bed
bed
bed and breakfast
bedclothes
Bedford cord
bed jacket
bedpan
bedpost
bedroll
bedroom
bedroom furniture
bedsitting room
bedspread
bedspring
bedstead
beefcake
beehive
beeper
beer barrel
beer bottle
beer can
beer garden
beer glass
beer hall
beer mat
beer mug
belaying pin
belfry
bell
bell arch
bellarmine
bellbottom trousers
bell cote
bell foundry
bell gable
bell jar
bellows
bellpull
bell push
bell seat
bell tent
bell tower
bellyband
belt
belt
belt buckle
belting
bench
bench clamp
bench hook
bench lathe
bench press
bender
beret
berlin
Bermuda shorts
berth
besom
Bessemer converter
bethel
betting shop
bevatron
bevel
bevel gear
B-flat clarinet
bib
bib-and-tucker
bicorn
bicycle
bicycle-built-for-two
bicycle chain
bicycle clip
bicycle pump
bicycle rack
bicycle seat
bicycle wheel
bidet
bier
bier
bi-fold door
bifocals
Big Blue
big board
bight
bikini
bikini pants
bilge
bilge keel
bilge pump
bilge well
bill
bill
billboard
billiard ball
billiard room
bin
binder
binder
bindery
binding
bin liner
binnacle
binoculars
binocular microscope
biochip
biohazard suit
bioscope
biplane
birch
birchbark canoe
birdbath
birdcage
birdcall
bird feeder
birdhouse
bird shot
biretta
bishop
bistro
bit
bit
bite plate
bitewing
bitumastic
black
black
blackboard
blackboard eraser
black box
blackface
blackjack
black tie
blackwash
bladder
blade
blade
blade
blank
blanket
blast furnace
blasting cap
blazer
blender
blimp
blind
blind curve
blindfold
bling
blinker
blister pack
block
blockade
blockade-runner
block and tackle
blockbuster
blockhouse
block plane
bloodmobile
bloomers
blouse
blower
blowtorch
blucher
bludgeon
blue
blue chip
blunderbuss
blunt file
boarding
boarding house
boardroom
boards
boat
boater
boat hook
boathouse
boatswain's chair
boat train
boatyard
bobbin
bobby pin
bobsled
bobsled
bocce ball
bodega
bodice
bodkin
bodkin
bodkin
body
body armor
body lotion
body stocking
body plethysmograph
body pad
bodywork
Bofors gun
bogy
boiler
boiling water reactor
bolero
bollard
bolo
bolo tie
bolt
bolt
bolt
bolt cutter
bomb
bombazine
bomb calorimeter
bomber
bomber jacket
bomblet
bomb rack
bombshell
bomb shelter
bone-ash cup
bone china
bones
boneshaker
bongo
bonnet
book
book bag
bookbindery
bookcase
bookend
bookmark
bookmobile
bookshelf
bookshop
boom
boom
boomerang
booster
booster
boot
boot
boot camp
bootee
booth
booth
booth
boothose
bootjack
bootlace
bootleg
bootstrap
bore bit
boron chamber
borstal
bosom
Boston rocker
bota
bottle
bottle
bottle bank
bottlebrush
bottlecap
bottle opener
bottling plant
bottom
boucle
boudoir
boulle
bouncing betty
bouquet
boutique
boutonniere
bow
bow
bow
bow and arrow
bowed stringed instrument
Bowie knife
bowl
bowl
bowl
bowler hat
bowline
bowling alley
bowling ball
bowling equipment
bowling pin
bowling shoe
bowsprit
bowstring
bow tie
box
box
box
box beam
box camera
boxcar
box coat
boxing equipment
boxing glove
box office
box spring
box wrench
brace
brace
brace
brace
brace and bit
bracelet
bracer
brace wrench
bracket
bradawl
brake
brake
brake band
brake cylinder
brake disk
brake drum
brake lining
brake pad
brake pedal
brake shoe
brake system
brass
brass
brass
brassard
brasserie
brassie
brassiere
brass knucks
brattice
brazier
breadbasket
bread-bin
bread knife
breakable
breakfast area
breakfast table
breakwater
breast drill
breast implant
breastplate
breast pocket
breathalyzer
breechblock
breechcloth
breeches
breeches buoy
breechloader
breeder reactor
Bren
brewpub
brick
brickkiln
bricklayer's hammer
brick trowel
brickwork
bridal gown
bridge
bridge
bridle
bridle path
bridoon
briefcase
briefcase bomb
briefcase computer
briefs
brig
brig
brigandine
brigantine
brilliantine
brilliant pebble
brim
bristle brush
britches
broad arrow
broadax
brochette
broadcaster
broadcloth
broadcloth
broad hatchet
broadloom
broadside
broadsword
brocade
brogan
broiler
broken arch
bronchoscope
broom
broom closet
broomstick
brougham
Browning automatic rifle
Browning machine gun
brownstone
brunch coat
brush
Brussels carpet
Brussels lace
bubble
bubble chamber
bubble jet printer
buckboard
bucket
bucket seat
bucket shop
buckle
buckram
bucksaw
buckskins
buff
buffer
buffer
buffet
buffing wheel
buggy
bugle
building
building complex
bulldog clip
bulldog wrench
bulldozer
bullet
bulletproof vest
bullet train
bullhorn
bullion
bullnose
bullpen
bullpen
bullring
bulwark
bumboat
bumper
bumper
bumper car
bumper guard
bumper jack
bundle
bung
bungalow
bungee
bunghole
bunk
bunk
bunk bed
bunker
bunker
bunker
bunsen burner
bunting
bur
Burberry
burette
burglar alarm
burial chamber
burial garment
burial mound
burin
burqa
burlap
burn bag
burner
burnous
burp gun
burr
bus
bushel basket
bushing
bush jacket
business suit
buskin
bustier
bustle
butcher knife
butcher shop
butter dish
butterfly valve
butter knife
butt hinge
butt joint
button
buttonhook
buttress
butt shaft
butt weld
buzz bomb
buzzer
BVD
bypass condenser
byway
cab
cab
cab
cabana
cabaret
caber
cabin
cabin
cabin car
cabin class
cabin cruiser
cabinet
cabinet
cabinet
cabinetwork
cabin liner
cable
cable
cable car
cache
caddy
caesium clock
cafe
cafeteria
cafeteria tray
caff
caftan
caftan
cage
cage
cagoule
caisson
calash
calceus
calcimine
calculator
caldron
calico
caliper
call-board
call center
caller ID
calliope
calorimeter
calpac
camail
camber arch
cambric
camcorder
camel's hair
camera
camera lens
camera lucida
camera obscura
camera tripod
camise
camisole
camisole
camlet
camouflage
camouflage
camp
camp
camp
campaign hat
campanile
camp chair
camper
camper trailer
campstool
camshaft
can
canal
canal boat
candelabrum
candid camera
candle
candlepin
candlesnuffer
candlestick
candlewick
candy thermometer
cane
cane
cangue
canister
cannery
cannikin
cannikin
cannon
cannon
cannon
cannon
cannonball
canoe
can opener
canopic jar
canopy
canopy
canopy
canteen
canteen
canteen
canteen
canteen
cant hook
cantilever
cantilever bridge
cantle
Canton crepe
canvas
canvas
canvas tent
cap
cap
cap
capacitor
caparison
cape
capital ship
capitol
cap opener
capote
capote
cap screw
capstan
capstone
capsule
captain's chair
car
car
car
carabiner
carafe
caravansary
car battery
carbine
car bomb
carbon arc lamp
carboy
carburetor
car carrier
cardcase
cardiac monitor
cardigan
card index
cardiograph
cardioid microphone
car door
cardroom
card table
card table
car-ferry
cargo area
cargo container
cargo door
cargo hatch
cargo helicopter
cargo liner
cargo ship
carillon
car mirror
caroche
carousel
carpenter's hammer
carpenter's kit
carpenter's level
carpenter's mallet
carpenter's rule
carpenter's square
carpetbag
carpet beater
carpet loom
carpet pad
carpet sweeper
carpet tack
carport
carrack
carrel
carriage
carriage
carriage bolt
carriageway
carriage wrench
carrick bend
carrier
carryall
carrycot
car seat
cart
car tire
carton
cartouche
car train
cartridge
cartridge
cartridge belt
cartridge extractor
cartridge fuse
cartridge holder
cartwheel
carving fork
carving knife
car wheel
caryatid
cascade liquefier
cascade transformer
case
case
case
casein paint
case knife
case knife
casement
casement window
casern
case shot
cash bar
cashbox
cash machine
cashmere
cash register
casing
casino
casket
casque
casquet
Cassegrainian telescope
casserole
cassette
cassette deck
cassette player
cassette recorder
cassette tape
cassock
cast
caster
caster
castle
castle
catacomb
catafalque
catalytic converter
catalytic cracker
catamaran
catapult
catapult
catboat
cat box
catch
catchall
catcher's mask
catchment
Caterpillar
cathedra
cathedral
cathedral
catheter
cathode
cathode-ray tube
cat-o'-nine-tails
cat's-paw
catsup bottle
cattle car
cattle guard
cattleship
cautery
cavalier hat
cavalry sword
cavetto
cavity wall
C battery
C-clamp
CD drive
CD player
CD-R
CD-ROM
CD-ROM drive
cedar chest
ceiling
celesta
cell
cell
cellar
cellblock
cello
cellophane
cellular telephone
cellulose tape
cenotaph
censer
center
center punch
Centigrade thermometer
central processing unit
centrifugal pump
centrifuge
ceramic
ceramic ware
cereal bowl
cereal box
cerecloth
cesspool
chachka
chador
chafing dish
chain
chain
chainlink fence
chain mail
chain printer
chain saw
chain store
chain tongs
chain wrench
chair
chair
chair of state
chairlift
chaise
chaise longue
chalet
chalice
chalk
challis
chamberpot
chambray
chamfer bit
chamfer plane
chamois cloth
chancel
chancellery
chancery
chandelier
chandlery
chanfron
chanter
chantry
chap
chapel
chapterhouse
chapterhouse
character printer
charcuterie
charge-exchange accelerator
charger
chariot
chariot
charnel house
chassis
chassis
chasuble
chateau
chatelaine
checker
checkout
cheekpiece
cheeseboard
cheesecloth
cheese cutter
cheese press
chemical bomb
chemical plant
chemical reactor
chemise
chemise
chenille
chessman
chest
chesterfield
chest of drawers
chest protector
cheval-de-frise
cheval glass
chicane
chicken coop
chicken wire
chicken yard
chiffon
chiffonier
child's room
chime
chimney breast
chimney corner
china
china cabinet
chinchilla
Chinese lantern
Chinese puzzle
chinning bar
chino
chino
chin rest
chin strap
chintz
chip
chip
chisel
chlamys
choir
choir loft
choke
choke
chokey
choo-choo
chopine
chordophone
Christmas stocking
chronograph
chronometer
chronoscope
chuck
chuck wagon
chukka
church
church bell
church hat
church key
church tower
churidars
churn
ciderpress
cigar band
cigar box
cigar cutter
cigarette butt
cigarette case
cigarette holder
cigar lighter
cinch
cinema
cinquefoil
circle
circlet
circuit
circuit board
circuit breaker
circuitry
circular plane
circular saw
circus tent
cistern
cistern
cittern
city hall
cityscape
city university
civies
civilian clothing
clack valve
clamp
clamshell
clapper
clapperboard
clarence
clarinet
Clark cell
clasp
clasp knife
classroom
clavichord
clavier
clay pigeon
claymore mine
claymore
cleaners
cleaning implement
cleaning pad
clean room
clearway
cleat
cleat
cleats
cleaver
clerestory
clevis
clews
cliff dwelling
climbing frame
clinch
clinch
clincher
clinic
clinical thermometer
clinker
clinometer
clip
clip lead
clip-on
clipper
clipper
clipper
cloak
cloak
cloakroom
cloche
cloche
clock
clock pendulum
clock radio
clock tower
clockwork
clog
cloisonne
cloister
closed circuit
closed-circuit television
closed loop
closet
closeup lens
cloth cap
cloth covering
clothesbrush
clothes closet
clothes dryer
clothes hamper
clotheshorse
clothespin
clothes tree
clothing
clothing store
clout nail
clove hitch
club car
clubroom
cluster bomb
clutch
clutch
clutch bag
coach
coach house
coal car
coal chute
coal house
coal shovel
coaming
coaster brake
coat
coat button
coat closet
coatdress
coatee
coat hanger
coating
coating
coat of paint
coatrack
coattail
coaxial cable
cobweb
cobweb
Cockcroft and Walton accelerator
cocked hat
cockhorse
cockleshell
cockpit
cockpit
cockpit
cockscomb
cocktail dress
cocktail lounge
cocktail shaker
cocotte
codpiece
coelostat
coffee can
coffee cup
coffee filter
coffee maker
coffee mill
coffee mug
coffeepot
coffee stall
coffee table
coffee urn
coffer
Coffey still
coffin
cog
coif
coil
coil
coil
coil spring
coin box
colander
cold cathode
cold chisel
cold cream
cold frame
collar
collar
college
collet
collider
colliery
collimator
collimator
cologne
colonnade
colonoscope
colorimeter
colors
color television
color tube
color wash
Colt
colter
columbarium
columbarium
column
column
comb
comb
comber
combination lock
combination plane
combine
comforter
command module
commissary
commissary
commodity
common ax
common room
communications satellite
communication system
community center
commutator
commuter
compact
compact
compact disk
compact-disk burner
companionway
compartment
compartment
compass
compass
compass card
compass saw
compound
compound lens
compound lever
compound microscope
compress
compression bandage
compressor
computer
computer circuit
computerized axial tomography scanner
computer keyboard
computer monitor
computer network
computer screen
computer store
computer system
concentration camp
concert grand
concert hall
concertina
concertina
concrete mixer
condensation pump
condenser
condenser
condenser
condenser microphone
condominium
condominium
conductor
cone clutch
confectionery
conference center
conference room
conference table
confessional
conformal projection
congress boot
conic projection
connecting rod
connecting room
connection
conning tower
conning tower
conservatory
conservatory
console
console
console table
consulate
contact
contact
container
container ship
containment
contrabassoon
control
control center
control circuit
control key
control panel
control rod
control room
control system
control tower
convector
convenience store
convent
conventicle
converging lens
converter
convertible
convertible
conveyance
conveyer belt
cooker
cookfire
cookhouse
cookie cutter
cookie jar
cookie sheet
cooking utensil
cookstove
coolant system
cooler
cooling system
cooling system
cooling tower
coonskin cap
cope
coping saw
copperware
copyholder
coquille
coracle
corbel
corbel arch
corbel step
corbie gable
cord
cord
cordage
cords
core
core bit
core drill
corer
cork
corker
corkscrew
corncrib
corner
corner
corner post
cornet
cornice
cornice
cornice
correctional institution
corrugated fastener
corselet
corset
cosmetic
cosmotron
costume
costume
costume
costume
cosy
cot
cottage tent
cotter
cotter pin
cotton
cotton flannel
cotton mill
couch
couch
couchette
coude telescope
counter
counter
counter
counterbore
counter tube
country house
country store
coupe
coupling
court
court
court
court
Courtelle
courthouse
courthouse
coverall
covered bridge
covered couch
covered wagon
covering
coverlet
cover plate
cowbarn
cowbell
cowboy boot
cowboy hat
cowhide
cowl
cow pen
CPU board
crackle
cradle
craft
cramp
crampon
crampon
crane
craniometer
crank
crankcase
crankshaft
crash barrier
crash helmet
crate
cravat
crayon
crazy quilt
cream
cream pitcher
creche
creche
credenza
creel
crematory
crematory
crepe
crepe de Chine
crescent wrench
cretonne
crib
crib
cricket ball
cricket bat
cricket equipment
cringle
crinoline
crinoline
crochet needle
crock
Crock Pot
crook
Crookes radiometer
Crookes tube
croquet ball
croquet equipment
croquet mallet
cross
crossbar
crossbar
crossbar
crossbench
cross bit
crossbow
crosscut saw
crossjack
crosspiece
crotchet
croupier's rake
crowbar
crown
crown
crown jewels
crown lens
crow's nest
crucible
crucifix
cruet
cruet-stand
cruise control
cruise missile
cruiser
cruiser
cruise ship
crupper
cruse
crusher
crutch
cryometer
cryoscope
cryostat
crypt
crystal
crystal detector
crystal microphone
crystal oscillator
crystal set
cubitiere
cucking stool
cuckoo clock
cuddy
cudgel
cue
cue ball
cuff
cuirass
cuisse
cul
culdoscope
cullis
culotte
cultivator
culverin
culverin
culvert
cup
cupboard
cup hook
cupola
cupola
curb
curb roof
curbstone
curette
curler
curling iron
currycomb
cursor
curtain
customhouse
cutaway
cutlas
cutoff
cutout
cutter
cutter
cutting implement
cutting room
cutty stool
cutwork
cybercafe
cyclopean masonry
cyclostyle
cyclotron
cylinder
cylinder
cylinder lock
cymbal
dacha
Dacron
dado
dado plane
dagger
dairy
dais
daisy print wheel
daisywheel printer
dam
damask
dampener
damper
damper block
dark lantern
darkroom
darning needle
dart
dart
dashboard
dashiki
dash-pot
data converter
data input device
data multiplexer
data system
davenport
davenport
davit
daybed
daybook
day nursery
day school
dead axle
deadeye
deadhead
deanery
deathbed
death camp
death house
death knell
death seat
deck
deck
deck chair
deck-house
deckle
deckle edge
declinometer
decoder
decolletage
decoupage
dedicated file server
deep-freeze
deerstalker
defense system
defensive structure
defibrillator
defilade
deflector
delayed action
delay line
delft
delicatessen
delivery truck
delta wing
demijohn
demitasse
den
denim
densimeter
densitometer
dental appliance
dental floss
dental implant
dentist's drill
denture
deodorant
department store
departure lounge
depilatory
depressor
depth finder
depth gauge
derrick
derrick
derringer
desk
desk phone
desktop computer
dessert spoon
destroyer
destroyer escort
detached house
detector
detector
detention home
detonating fuse
detonator
developer
device
Dewar flask
dhoti
dhow
dial
dial
dial
dialog box
dial telephone
dialyzer
diamante
diaper
diaper
diaphone
diaphragm
diaphragm
diathermy machine
dibble
dice cup
dicer
dickey
dickey
Dictaphone
die
diesel
diesel-electric locomotive
diesel-hydraulic locomotive
diesel locomotive
diestock
differential analyzer
differential gear
diffuser
diffuser
digester
diggings
digital-analog converter
digital audiotape
digital camera
digital clock
digital computer
digital display
digital subscriber line
digital voltmeter
digital watch
digitizer
dilator
dildo
dimity
dimmer
diner
dinette
dinghy
dining area
dining car
dining-hall
dining room
dining-room furniture
dining-room table
dining table
dinner bell
dinner dress
dinner jacket
dinner napkin
dinner pail
dinner table
dinner theater
diode
diode
dip
diplomatic building
dipole
dipper
dipstick
DIP switch
directional antenna
directional microphone
direction finder
dirk
dirndl
dirndl
dirty bomb
discharge lamp
discharge pipe
disco
discount house
discus
disguise
dish
dish
dishpan
dish rack
dishrag
dishtowel
dishwasher
disk
disk brake
disk clutch
disk controller
disk drive
diskette
disk harrow
dispatch case
dispensary
dispenser
display
display adapter
display panel
display window
disposal
disrupting explosive
distaff
distillery
distributor
distributor cam
distributor cap
distributor housing
distributor point
ditch
ditch spade
ditty bag
divan
divan
dive bomber
diverging lens
divided highway
divider
diving bell
divining rod
diving suit
dixie
Dixie cup
dock
doeskin
dogcart
doggie bag
dogsled
dog wrench
doily
doll
dollhouse
dolly
dolman
dolman
dolman sleeve
dolmen
dome
dome
domino
dongle
donkey jacket
door
door
door
doorbell
doorframe
doorjamb
doorlock
doormat
doornail
doorplate
doorsill
doorstop
Doppler radar
dormer
dormer window
dormitory
dormitory
dosemeter
dossal
dot matrix printer
double bed
double-bitted ax
double boiler
double-breasted jacket
double-breasted suit
double door
double glazing
double-hung window
double knit
doubler
double reed
double-reed instrument
doublet
doubletree
douche
dovecote
Dover's powder
dovetail
dovetail plane
dowel
downstage
drafting instrument
drafting table
Dragunov
drainage ditch
drainage system
drain basket
drainplug
drape
drapery
drawbar
drawbridge
drawer
drawers
drawing chalk
drawing room
drawing room
drawknife
drawstring bag
dray
dreadnought
dredge
dredger
dredging bucket
dress
dress blues
dresser
dress hat
dressing
dressing case
dressing gown
dressing room
dressing sack
dressing table
dress rack
dress shirt
dress suit
dress uniform
drift net
drill
electric drill
drilling platform
drill press
drill rig
drinking fountain
drinking vessel
drip loop
drip mat
drip pan
dripping pan
drip pot
drive
drive
drive line
driver
driveshaft
driveway
driving iron
driving wheel
drogue
drogue parachute
drone
drone
drop arch
drop cloth
drop curtain
drop forge
drop-leaf table
dropper
droshky
drove
drugget
drugstore
drum
drum
drum brake
drumhead
drum printer
drum sander
drumstick
dry battery
dry-bulb thermometer
dry cell
dry dock
dryer
dry fly
dry kiln
dry masonry
dry point
dry wall
dual scan display
duck
duckboard
duckpin
dudeen
duffel
duffel bag
duffel coat
dugout
dugout canoe
dulciana
dulcimer
dulcimer
dumbbell
dumb bomb
dumbwaiter
dumdum
dumpcart
Dumpster
dump truck
Dumpy level
dunce cap
dune buggy
dungeon
duplex apartment
duplex house
duplicator
dust bag
dustcloth
dust cover
dust cover
dustmop
dustpan
Dutch oven
Dutch oven
dwelling
dye-works
dynamo
dynamometer
Eames chair
earflap
early warning radar
early warning system
earmuff
earphone
earplug
earplug
earthenware
earthwork
easel
easy chair
eaves
ecclesiastical attire
echinus
echocardiograph
edger
edge tool
efficiency apartment
egg-and-dart
eggbeater
egg timer
eiderdown
eight ball
ejection seat
elastic
elastic bandage
Elastoplast
elbow
elbow pad
electric
electrical cable
electrical contact
electrical converter
electrical device
electrical system
electric bell
electric blanket
electric chair
electric clock
electric-discharge lamp
electric fan
electric frying pan
electric furnace
electric guitar
electric hammer
electric heater
electric lamp
electric locomotive
electric meter
electric mixer
electric motor
electric organ
electric range
electric refrigerator
electric toothbrush
electric typewriter
electro-acoustic transducer
electrode
electrodynamometer
electroencephalograph
electrograph
electrolytic
electrolytic cell
electromagnet
electrometer
electromyograph
electron accelerator
electron gun
electronic balance
electronic converter
electronic device
electronic equipment
electronic fetal monitor
electronic instrument
electronic voltmeter
electron microscope
electron multiplier
electrophorus
electroscope
electrostatic generator
electrostatic printer
elevator
elevator
elevator shaft
embankment
embassy
embellishment
emergency room
emesis basin
emitter
empty
emulsion
enamel
enamel
enamelware
encaustic
encephalogram
enclosure
endoscope
energizer
engine
engine
engineering
enginery
English horn
English saddle
enlarger
ensemble
ensign
entablature
entertainment center
entrenching tool
entrenchment
envelope
envelope
envelope
eolith
epauliere
epee
epergne
epicyclic train
epidiascope
epilating wax
equalizer
equatorial
equipment
erasable programmable read-only memory
eraser
erecting prism
erection
Erlenmeyer flask
escape hatch
escapement
escape wheel
escarpment
escutcheon
esophagoscope
espadrille
espalier
espresso maker
espresso shop
establishment
estaminet
estradiol patch
etagere
etamine
etching
ethernet
ethernet cable
Eton jacket
etui
eudiometer
euphonium
evaporative cooler
evening bag
exercise bike
exercise device
exhaust
exhaust fan
exhaust valve
exhibition hall
Exocet
expansion bit
expansion bolt
explosive detection system
explosive device
explosive trace detection
express
extension
extension cord
external-combustion engine
external drive
extractor
eyebrow pencil
eyecup
eyeliner
eyepatch
eyepiece
eyeshadow
fabric
facade
face guard
face mask
faceplate
face powder
face veil
facing
facing
facing
facsimile
factory
factory ship
fagot
fagot stitch
Fahrenheit thermometer
faience
faille
fairlead
fairy light
falchion
fallboard
fallout shelter
false face
false teeth
family room
fan
fan belt
fan blade
fancy dress
fanion
fanlight
fanjet
fanjet
fanny pack
fan tracery
fan vaulting
farm building
farmer's market
farmhouse
farm machine
farmplace
farmyard
farthingale
fastener
fast reactor
fat farm
fatigues
faucet
fauld
fauteuil
feather boa
featheredge
fedora
feedback circuit
feedlot
fell
felloe
felt
felt-tip pen
felucca
fence
fencing mask
fencing sword
fender
fender
Ferris wheel
ferrule
ferry
ferule
festoon
fetoscope
fetter
fez
fiber
fiber optic cable
fiberscope
fichu
fiddlestick
field artillery
field coil
field-effect transistor
field-emission microscope
field glass
field hockey ball
field hospital
field house
field lens
field magnet
field-sequential color television
field tent
fieldwork
fife
fifth wheel
fighter
fighting chair
fig leaf
figure eight
figure loom
figure skate
filament
filature
file
file
file folder
file server
filigree
filling
film
film
film advance
filter
filter
finder
finery
fine-tooth comb
finger
fingerboard
finger bowl
finger paint
finger-painting
finger plate
fingerstall
finish coat
finish coat
finisher
fin keel
fipple
fipple flute
fire
fire alarm
firearm
fire bell
fireboat
firebox
firebrick
fire control radar
fire control system
fire engine
fire extinguisher
fire iron
fireman's ax
fireplace
fire screen
fire tongs
fire tower
firewall
firing chamber
firing pin
firkin
firmer chisel
first-aid kit
first-aid station
first base
first class
fishbowl
fisherman's bend
fisherman's knot
fisherman's lure
fishhook
fishing boat
fishing gear
fishing rod
fish joint
fish knife
fishnet
fish slice
fitment
fixative
fixer-upper
flag
flageolet
flagon
flagpole
flagship
flail
flambeau
flamethrower
flange
flannel
flannel
flannelette
flap
flash
flash
flash camera
flasher
flashlight
flashlight battery
flash memory
flask
flat arch
flatbed
flatbed press
flat bench
flatcar
flat file
flatlet
flat panel display
flats
flat tip screwdriver
fleece
fleet ballistic missile submarine
fleur-de-lis
flight simulator
flintlock
flintlock
flip-flop
flipper
float
floating dock
floatplane
flood
floor
floor
floor
floorboard
floor cover
floor joist
floor lamp
flophouse
florist
floss
flotsam
flour bin
flour mill
flowerbed
flugelhorn
fluid drive
fluid flywheel
flume
fluorescent lamp
fluoroscope
flush toilet
flute
flute
flux applicator
fluxmeter
fly
flying boat
flying buttress
flying carpet
flying jib
fly rod
fly tent
flytrap
flywheel
fob
foghorn
foglamp
foil
fold
folder
folding chair
folding door
folding saw
food court
food processor
food hamper
foot
footage
football
football helmet
football stadium
footbath
foot brake
footbridge
foothold
footlocker
foot rule
footstool
footwear
footwear
forceps
force pump
fore-and-after
fore-and-aft sail
forecastle
forecourt
foredeck
fore edge
foreground
foremast
fore plane
foresail
forestay
foretop
fore-topmast
fore-topsail
forge
fork
forklift
formalwear
Formica
fortification
fortress
forty-five
Foucault pendulum
foulard
foul-weather gear
foundation garment
foundry
fountain
fountain pen
four-in-hand
four-poster
four-pounder
four-stroke engine
four-wheel drive
four-wheel drive
four-wheeler
fowling piece
foxhole
fragmentation bomb
frail
fraise
frame
frame
frame buffer
framework
Francis turbine
franking machine
free house
free-reed
free-reed instrument
freewheel
freight car
freight elevator
freight liner
freight train
French door
French horn
French polish
French roof
French window
Fresnel lens
fret
friary
friction clutch
frieze
frieze
frigate
frigate
frill
Frisbee
frock
frock coat
frontlet
front porch
front projector
fruit machine
frying pan
fuel filter
fuel gauge
fuel injection
fuel system
full-dress uniform
full metal jacket
full skirt
fumigator
funeral home
funnel
funny wagon
fur
fur coat
fur hat
furnace
furnace lining
furnace room
furnishing
furnishing
furniture
fur-piece
furrow
fuse
fusee drive
fuselage
fusil
fustian
futon
gabardine
gable
gable roof
gadgetry
gaff
gaff
gaff
gaffsail
gaff topsail
gag
gaiter
gaiter
Galilean telescope
galleon
gallery
gallery
galley
galley
galley
gallows
gallows tree
galvanometer
gambling house
gambrel
game
gamebag
game equipment
gaming table
gamp
gangplank
gangsaw
gangway
gantlet
gantry
garage
garage
Garand rifle
garbage
garbage truck
garboard
garden
garden
garden rake
garden spade
garden tool
garden trowel
gargoyle
garibaldi
garlic press
garment
garment bag
garrison cap
garrote
garter
garter belt
garter stitch
gas guzzler
gas shell
gas bracket
gas burner
gas-cooled reactor
gas-discharge tube
gas engine
gas fixture
gas furnace
gas gun
gas heater
gas holder
gasket
gas lamp
gas maser
gasmask
gas meter
gasoline engine
gasoline gauge
gas oven
gas oven
gas pump
gas range
gas ring
gas tank
gas thermometer
gastroscope
gas turbine
gas-turbine ship
gat
gate
gatehouse
gateleg table
gatepost
gathered skirt
Gatling gun
gauge
gauntlet
gauntlet
gauze
gauze
gavel
gazebo
gear
gear
gear
gearbox
gearing
gearset
gearshift
Geiger counter
Geiger tube
gene chip
general-purpose bomb
generator
generator
generator
Geneva gown
geodesic dome
georgette
gharry
ghat
ghetto blaster
gift shop
gift wrapping
gig
gig
gig
gig
gildhall
gill net
gilt
gimbal
gingham
girandole
girder
girdle
glass
glass
glass cutter
glasses case
glebe house
Glengarry
glider
Global Positioning System
glockenspiel
glory hole
glove
glove compartment
glow lamp
glow tube
glyptic art
glyptics
gnomon
goal
goalmouth
goalpost
goblet
godown
goggles
go-kart
gold plate
golf bag
golf ball
golfcart
golf club
golf-club head
golf equipment
golf glove
golliwog
gondola
gong
goniometer
Gordian knot
gorget
gossamer
Gothic arch
gouache
gouge
gourd
government building
government office
gown
gown
gown
grab
grab bag
grab bar
grace cup
grade separation
graduated cylinder
graffito
gramophone
granary
grandfather clock
grand piano
graniteware
granny knot
grape arbor
grapnel
grapnel
grass skirt
grate
grate
grater
graver
gravestone
gravimeter
gravure
gravy boat
grey
grease-gun
greasepaint
greasy spoon
greatcoat
great hall
greave
greengrocery
greenhouse
grenade
grid
griddle
grill
grille
grillroom
grinder
grinding wheel
grindstone
gripsack
gristmill
grocery bag
grocery store
grogram
groined vault
groover
grosgrain
gros point
ground
ground bait
ground control
ground floor
groundsheet
G-string
guard
guard boat
guardroom
guardroom
guard ship
guard's van
gueridon
Guarnerius
guesthouse
guestroom
guidance system
guided missile
guided missile cruiser
guided missile frigate
guildhall
guilloche
guillotine
guimpe
guimpe
guitar
guitar pick
gulag
gun
gunboat
gun carriage
gun case
gun emplacement
gun enclosure
gunlock
gunnery
gunnysack
gun pendulum
gun room
gunsight
gun trigger
gurney
gusher
gusset
gusset
guy
gymnastic apparatus
gym shoe
gym suit
gymslip
gypsy cab
gyrocompass
gyroscope
gyrostabilizer
habergeon
habit
habit
hacienda
hacksaw
haft
hairbrush
haircloth
hairdressing
hairnet
hairpiece
hairpin
hair shirt
hair slide
hair spray
hairspring
hair trigger
halberd
half binding
half hatchet
half hitch
half track
hall
hall
hall
Hall of Fame
hall of residence
hallstand
halter
halter
hame
hammer
hammer
hammer
hammerhead
hammock
hamper
hand
handball
handbarrow
handbell
hand blower
handbow
hand brake
hand calculator
handcar
handcart
hand cream
handcuff
hand drill
hand glass
hand glass
hand grenade
hand-held computer
handhold
handkerchief
handlebar
handloom
hand lotion
hand luggage
hand-me-down
hand mower
hand pump
handrest
handsaw
handset
hand shovel
handspike
handstamp
hand throttle
hand tool
hand towel
hand truck
handwear
handwheel
handwheel
hangar queen
hanger
hang glider
hangman's rope
hank
hansom
harbor
hard disc
hard hat
hardtop
hardware
hardware store
harmonica
harmonium
harness
harness
harp
harp
harpoon
harpoon gun
harpoon log
harpsichord
Harris Tweed
harrow
harvester
hash house
hasp
hat
hatbox
hatch
hatchback
hatchback
hatchel
hatchet
hatpin
hauberk
Hawaiian guitar
hawse
hawser
hawser bend
hay bale
hayfork
hayloft
haymaker
hayrack
hayrack
hazard
head
head
head
headboard
head covering
headdress
header
header
header
header
headfast
head gasket
head gate
headgear
headlight
headpiece
headpin
headquarters
headrace
headrest
headsail
headscarf
headset
head shop
headstall
headstock
health spa
hearing aid
hearing aid
hearse
hearth
hearthrug
heart-lung machine
heat engine
heater
heat exchanger
heating pad
heat lamp
heat pump
heat-seeking missile
heat shield
heat sink
heaume
heaver
heavier-than-air craft
heckelphone
hectograph
hedge
hedge trimmer
helicon
helicopter
heliograph
heliometer
helm
helmet
helmet
hematocrit
hemming-stitch
hemostat
hemstitch
henroost
heraldry
hermitage
herringbone
herringbone
Herschelian telescope
Hessian boot
heterodyne receiver
hibachi
hideaway
hi-fi
high altar
high-angle gun
highball glass
highboard
highboy
highchair
high gear
high-hat cymbal
highlighter
highlighter
high-pass filter
high-rise
high table
high-warp loom
hijab
hinge
hinging post
hip boot
hipflask
hip pad
hip pocket
hippodrome
hip roof
hitch
hitch
hitching post
hitchrack
hob
hobble skirt
hockey skate
hockey stick
hod
hodoscope
hoe
hoe handle
hogshead
hoist
hold
holder
holding cell
holding device
holding pen
hollowware
holster
holster
holy of holies
home
home appliance
home computer
home plate
home room
homespun
homestead
home theater
homing torpedo
hone
honeycomb
hood
hood
hood
hood
hood
hood latch
hook
hook
hook
hookah
hook and eye
hookup
hookup
hook wrench
hoopskirt
hoosegow
Hoover
hope chest
hopper
hopsacking
horizontal bar
horizontal stabilizer
horizontal tail
horn
horn
horn
horn button
hornpipe
horse
horsebox
horsecar
horse cart
horsecloth
horse-drawn vehicle
horsehair
horsehair wig
horseless carriage
horse pistol
horseshoe
horseshoe
horse-trail
horsewhip
hose
hosiery
hospice
hospital
hospital bed
hospital room
hospital ship
hospital train
hostel
hostel
hot-air balloon
hotel
hotel-casino
hotel-casino
hotel room
hot line
hot pants
hot plate
hot rod
hot spot
hot tub
hot-water bottle
houndstooth check
hourglass
hour hand
house
house
houseboat
houselights
house of cards
house of correction
house paint
housetop
housing
hovel
hovercraft
howdah
huarache
hub-and-spoke
hubcap
huck
hug-me-tight
hula-hoop
hulk
hull
humeral veil
Humvee
hunter
hunting knife
hurdle
hurricane deck
hurricane lamp
hut
hutch
hutment
hydraulic brake
hydraulic press
hydraulic pump
hydraulic system
hydraulic transmission
hydroelectric turbine
hydrofoil
hydrofoil
hydrogen bomb
hydrometer
hygrodeik
hygrometer
hygroscope
hyperbaric chamber
hypercoaster
hypermarket
hypodermic needle
hypodermic syringe
hypsometer
hysterosalpingogram
I-beam
ice ax
iceboat
icebreaker
iced-tea spoon
ice hockey rink
ice machine
ice maker
ice pack
icepick
ice rink
ice skate
ice tongs
icetray
iconoscope
Identikit
idle pulley
igloo
ignition coil
ignition key
ignition switch
imaret
immovable bandage
impact printer
impeller
implant
implement
impression
imprint
improvised explosive device
impulse turbine
in-basket
incendiary bomb
incinerator
inclined plane
inclinometer
inclinometer
incrustation
incubator
index register
Indiaman
Indian club
indicator
induction coil
inductor
industrial watercourse
inertial guidance system
inflater
inhaler
injector
ink bottle
ink eraser
ink-jet printer
inkle
inkstand
inkwell
inlay
inside caliper
insole
instep
instillator
institution
instrument
instrument of punishment
instrument of torture
intaglio
intake valve
integrated circuit
integrator
Intelnet
interceptor
interchange
intercommunication system
intercontinental ballistic missile
interface
interferometer
interior door
internal-combustion engine
internal drive
internet
interphone
interrupter
intersection
interstice
intraocular lens
intravenous pyelogram
inverter
ion engine
ionization chamber
iPod
video iPod
iron
iron
iron
irons
ironclad
iron foundry
iron horse
ironing
iron lung
ironmongery
ironworks
irrigation ditch
izar
jabot
jack
jack
jack
jack
jacket
jacket
jacket
jack-in-the-box
jack-o'-lantern
jack plane
Jacob's ladder
jaconet
Jacquard loom
jacquard
jag
jail
jalousie
jamb
jammer
jampot
japan
jar
Jarvik heart
jaunting car
javelin
jaw
Jaws of Life
jean
jeep
jellaba
jerkin
jeroboam
jersey
jersey
jet
jet bridge
jet engine
jetliner
jeweler's glass
jewelled headdress
jew's harp
jib
jibboom
jig
jig
jiggermast
jigsaw
jigsaw puzzle
jinrikisha
jobcentre
jodhpurs
jodhpur
joinery
joint
Joint Direct Attack Munition
jointer
joist
jolly boat
jorum
joss house
journal bearing
journal box
joystick
jungle gym
junk
jug
jukebox
jumbojet
jumper
jumper
jumper
jumper
jumper cable
jump seat
jump suit
jump suit
junction
junction
junction barrier
junk shop
jury box
jury mast
kachina
kaffiyeh
kalansuwa
Kalashnikov
kameez
kanzu
katharometer
kayak
kazoo
keel
keelboat
keelson
keep
keg
kennel
kepi
keratoscope
kerchief
ketch
kettle
kettle
key
key
keyboard
keyboard buffer
keyboard instrument
keyhole
keyhole saw
khadi
khaki
khakis
khimar
khukuri
kick pleat
kicksorter
kickstand
kick starter
kid glove
kiln
kilt
kimono
kinescope
Kinetoscope
king
king
kingbolt
king post
Kipp's apparatus
kirk
kirpan
kirtle
kirtle
kit
kit
kitbag
kitchen
kitchen appliance
kitchenette
kitchen table
kitchen utensil
kitchenware
kite balloon
klaxon
klieg light
klystron
knee brace
knee-high
knee pad
knee piece
knife
knife
knife blade
knight
knit
knitting machine
knitting needle
knitwear
knob
knob
knobble
knobkerrie
knocker
knot
knuckle joint
kohl
koto
kraal
kremlin
kris
krummhorn
Kundt's tube
Kurdistan
kurta
kylix
kymograph
lab bench
lab coat
lace
lacquer
lacquerware
lacrosse ball
ladder-back
ladder-back
ladder truck
ladies' room
ladle
lady chapel
lagerphone
lag screw
lake dwelling
lally
lamasery
lambrequin
lame
laminar flow clean room
laminate
lamination
lamp
lamp
lamp house
lamppost
lampshade
lanai
lancet arch
lancet window
landau
lander
landing craft
landing flap
landing gear
landing net
landing skid
land line
land mine
land office
lanolin
lantern
lanyard
lap
laparoscope
lapboard
lapel
lap joint
laptop
laryngoscope
laser
laser-guided bomb
laser printer
lash
lashing
lasso
latch
latch
latchet
latchkey
lateen
latex paint
lath
lathe
latrine
lattice
launch
launcher
laundry
laundry cart
laundry truck
lavalava
lavaliere
laver
lawn chair
lawn furniture
lawn mower
layette
lead-acid battery
lead-in
leading rein
lead pencil
leaf spring
lean-to
lean-to tent
leash
leatherette
leather strip
Leclanche cell
lectern
lecture room
lederhosen
ledger board
leg
leg
legging
Leiden jar
leisure wear
lens
lens
lens cap
lens implant
leotard
letter case
letter opener
levee
level
lever
lever
lever
lever lock
Levi's
Liberty ship
library
library
lid
Liebig condenser
lie detector
lifeboat
life buoy
life jacket
life office
life preserver
life-support system
life-support system
lifting device
lift pump
ligament
ligature
light
light arm
light bulb
light circuit
light-emitting diode
lighter
lighter-than-air craft
light filter
lighting
light machine gun
light meter
light microscope
lightning rod
light pen
lightship
Lilo
limber
limekiln
limiter
limousine
linear accelerator
linen
line printer
liner
liner
lingerie
lining
link
linkage
Link trainer
linocut
linoleum knife
Linotype
linsey-woolsey
linstock
lion-jaw forceps
lip-gloss
lipstick
liqueur glass
liquid crystal display
liquid metal reactor
lisle
lister
litterbin
little theater
live axle
living quarters
living room
load
Loafer
loaner
lobe
lobster pot
local
local area network
local oscillator
Lochaber ax
lock
lock
lock
lock
lockage
locker
locker room
locket
lock-gate
locking pliers
lockring
lockstitch
lockup
locomotive
lodge
lodge
lodge
lodging house
loft
loft
loft
log cabin
loggia
longbow
long iron
long johns
long sleeve
long tom
long trousers
long underwear
looking glass
lookout
loom
loop knot
lorgnette
Lorraine cross
lorry
lota
lotion
loudspeaker
lounge
lounger
lounging jacket
lounging pajama
loungewear
loupe
louvered window
love knot
love seat
loving cup
lowboy
low-pass filter
low-warp-loom
LP
L-plate
lubber's hole
lubricating system
luff
lug
luge
Luger
luggage carrier
luggage compartment
luggage rack
lugger
lugsail
lug wrench
lumberjack
lumbermill
lunar excursion module
lunchroom
lunette
lungi
lunula
lusterware
lute
luxury liner
lyceum
lychgate
lyre
machete
machicolation
machine
machine
machine bolt
machine gun
machinery
machine screw
machine tool
machinist's vise
machmeter
mackinaw
mackinaw
mackinaw
mackintosh
macrame
madras
Mae West
magazine rack
magic lantern
magnet
magnetic bottle
magnetic compass
magnetic core memory
magnetic disk
magnetic head
magnetic mine
magnetic needle
magnetic recorder
magnetic stripe
magnetic tape
magneto
magnetometer
magnetron
magnifier
magnum
magnus hitch
mail
mailbag
mailbag
mailboat
mailbox
mail car
maildrop
mailer
maillot
maillot
mailsorter
mail train
mainframe
mainmast
main rotor
mainsail
mainspring
main-topmast
main-topsail
main yard
maisonette
majolica
makeup
Maksutov telescope
malacca
mallet
mallet
mallet
mammogram
mandola
mandolin
manger
mangle
manhole
manhole cover
man-of-war
manometer
manor
manor hall
MANPAD
mansard
manse
mansion
mantel
mantelet
mantilla
Mao jacket
map
maquiladora
maraca
marble
marching order
marimba
marina
marker
marketplace
marlinespike
marocain
marquee
marquetry
marriage bed
martello tower
martingale
mascara
maser
masher
mashie
mashie niblick
masjid
mask
mask
Masonite
Mason jar
masonry
mason's level
massage parlor
massage parlor
mass spectrograph
mass spectrometer
mast
mast
mastaba
master bedroom
masterpiece
mat
mat
match
match
matchboard
matchbook
matchbox
matchlock
match plane
matchstick
material
materiel
maternity hospital
maternity ward
matrix
Matthew Walker
matting
mattock
mattress cover
maul
maulstick
Mauser
mausoleum
maxi
Maxim gun
maximum and minimum thermometer
maypole
maze
mazer
means
measure
measuring cup
measuring instrument
measuring stick
meat counter
meat grinder
meat hook
meat house
meat safe
meat thermometer
mechanical device
mechanical piano
mechanical system
mechanism
medical building
medical instrument
medicine ball
medicine chest
MEDLINE
megalith
megaphone
memorial
memory
memory chip
memory device
menagerie
mending
menhir
menorah
Menorah
man's clothing
men's room
mercantile establishment
mercury barometer
mercury cell
mercury thermometer
mercury-vapor lamp
mercy seat
merlon
mess
mess jacket
mess kit
messuage
metal detector
metallic
metal screw
metal wood
meteorological balloon
meter
meterstick
metronome
mezzanine
mezzanine
microbalance
microbrewery
microfiche
microfilm
micrometer
microphone
microprocessor
microscope
microtome
microwave
microwave diathermy machine
microwave linear accelerator
middy
midiron
mihrab
mihrab
military hospital
military quarters
military uniform
military vehicle
milk bar
milk can
milk float
milking machine
milking stool
milk wagon
mill
milldam
miller
milliammeter
millinery
millinery
milling
millivoltmeter
millstone
millstone
millwheel
mimeograph
minaret
mincer
mine
mine detector
minelayer
mineshaft
minibar
minibike
minibus
minicar
minicomputer
ministry
miniskirt
minisub
minivan
miniver
mink
minster
mint
minute hand
Minuteman
mirror
missile
missile defense system
miter box
miter joint
mitten
mixer
mixer
mixing bowl
mixing faucet
mizzen
mizzenmast
mobcap
mobile home
moccasin
mock-up
mod con
Model T
modem
modillion
module
module
mohair
moire
mold
moldboard
moldboard plow
moleskin
Molotov cocktail
monastery
monastic habit
moneybag
money belt
monitor
monitor
monitor
monkey-wrench
monk's cloth
monochrome
monocle
monofocal lens implant
monoplane
monotype
monstrance
mooring tower
Moorish arch
moped
mop handle
moquette
morgue
morion
morning dress
morning dress
morning room
Morris chair
mortar
mortar
mortarboard
mortise joint
mosaic
mosque
mosquito net
motel
motel room
Mother Hubbard
motion-picture camera
motion-picture film
motley
motley
motor
motorboat
motorcycle
motor hotel
motorized wheelchair
motor scooter
motor vehicle
mound
mound
mount
mountain bike
mountain tent
mouse
mouse button
mousetrap
mousse
mouthpiece
mouthpiece
mouthpiece
movement
movie projector
moving-coil galvanometer
moving van
mud brick
mudguard
mudhif
muff
muffle
muffler
mufti
mug
mulch
mule
multichannel recorder
multiengine airplane
multiplex
multiplexer
multiprocessor
multistage rocket
munition
Murphy bed
musette
musette pipe
museum
mushroom anchor
musical instrument
music box
music hall
music school
music stand
music stool
musket
musket ball
muslin
mustache cup
mustard plaster
mute
muzzle loader
muzzle
myelogram
nacelle
nail
nailbrush
nailfile
nailhead
nailhead
nail polish
nainsook
Napier's bones
nard
narrowbody aircraft
narrow wale
narthex
narthex
nasotracheal tube
national monument
nautilus
navigational system
naval equipment
naval gun
naval missile
naval radar
naval tactical data system
naval weaponry
nave
navigational instrument
nebuchadnezzar
neckband
neck brace
neckcloth
neckerchief
necklace
necklet
neckline
neckpiece
necktie
neckwear
needle
needle
needlenose pliers
needlework
negative
negative magnetic pole
negative pole
negligee
neolith
neon lamp
nephoscope
nest
nest egg
net
net
net
net
network
network
neutron bomb
newel
newel post
newspaper
newsroom
newsroom
newsstand
Newtonian telescope
nib
niblick
nicad
nickel-iron battery
Nicol prism
night bell
nightcap
nightgown
night latch
night-light
nightshirt
nightwear
ninepin
ninepin ball
ninon
nipple
nipple shield
niqab
Nissen hut
nogging
noisemaker
nonsmoker
non-volatile storage
Norfolk jacket
noria
nosebag
noseband
nose flute
nosewheel
notebook
nuclear-powered ship
nuclear reactor
nuclear rocket
nuclear weapon
nude
numdah
nun's habit
nursery
nut and bolt
nutcracker
nylon
nylons
oar
oast
oast house
obelisk
object ball
objective
oblique bandage
oboe
oboe da caccia
oboe d'amore
observation dome
observatory
obstacle
obturator
ocarina
octant
odd-leg caliper
odometer
oeil de boeuf
office
office building
office furniture
officer's mess
off-line equipment
ogee
ogee arch
ohmmeter
oil
oilcan
oilcloth
oil filter
oil heater
oil lamp
oil paint
oil pump
oil refinery
oilskin
oil slick
oilstone
oil tanker
old school tie
olive drab
olive drab
Olympian Zeus
omelet pan
omnidirectional antenna
omnirange
onion dome
open-air market
open circuit
open-end wrench
opener
open-hearth furnace
openside plane
open sight
openwork
opera
opera cloak
operating microscope
operating room
operating table
ophthalmoscope
optical device
optical disk
optical instrument
optical pyrometer
optical telescope
orchestra pit
ordinary
organ
organdy
organic light-emitting diode
organ loft
organ pipe
organza
oriel
oriflamme
O ring
Orlon
orlop deck
orphanage
orphrey
orrery
orthicon
orthochromatic film
orthopter
orthoscope
oscillograph
oscilloscope
ossuary
otoscope
ottoman
oubliette
out-basket
outboard motor
outboard motorboat
outbuilding
outerwear
outfall
outfit
outfitter
outhouse
output device
outrigger
outrigger canoe
outside caliper
outside mirror
outwork
oven
oven thermometer
overall
overall
overcoat
overdrive
overgarment
overhand knot
overhang
overhead projector
overmantel
overnighter
overpass
override
overshoe
overskirt
oxbow
Oxbridge
oxcart
oxeye
oxford
oximeter
oxyacetylene torch
oxygen mask
oyster bar
oyster bed
pace car
pacemaker
pack
pack
pack
package
package store
packaging
packet
packing box
packinghouse
packinghouse
packing needle
packsaddle
paddle
paddle
paddle
paddle box
paddle steamer
paddlewheel
paddock
padlock
page printer
paint
paintball
paintball gun
paintbox
paintbrush
paisley
pajama
pajama
palace
palace
palace
palanquin
paleolith
palestra
palette
palette knife
palisade
pallet
pallette
pallium
pallium
pan
pan
pancake turner
panchromatic film
panda car
paneling
panhandle
panic button
pannier
pannier
pannikin
panopticon
panopticon
panpipe
pantaloon
pantechnicon
pantheon
pantheon
pantie
panting
pant leg
pantograph
pantry
pants suit
panty girdle
pantyhose
panzer
paper chain
paper clip
paper cutter
paper fastener
paper feed
paper mill
paper towel
parabolic mirror
parabolic reflector
parachute
parallel bars
parallel circuit
parallel interface
parang
parapet
parapet
parasail
parasol
parer
parfait glass
pargeting
pari-mutuel machine
parka
park bench
parking meter
parlor
parquet
parquetry
parsonage
Parsons table
partial denture
particle detector
partition
parts bin
party line
party wall
parvis
passenger car
passenger ship
passenger train
passenger van
passe-partout
passive matrix display
passkey
pass-through
pastry cart
patch
patchcord
patchouli
patch pocket
patchwork
patent log
paternoster
patina
patio
patisserie
patka
patrol boat
patty-pan
pave
pavilion
pavior
pavis
pawn
pawnbroker's shop
pay-phone
PC board
peach orchard
pea jacket
peavey
pectoral
pedal
pedal pusher
pedestal
pedestal table
pedestrian crossing
pedicab
pediment
pedometer
peeler
peep sight
peg
peg
peg
peg
pegboard
Pelham
pelican crossing
pelisse
pelvimeter
pen
penal colony
penal institution
penalty box
pen-and-ink
pencil
pencil
pencil box
pencil sharpener
pendant earring
pendulum
pendulum clock
pendulum watch
penetration bomb
penile implant
penitentiary
penknife
penlight
pennant
pennywhistle
penthouse
pentode
peplos
peplum
pepper mill
pepper shaker
pepper spray
percale
percolator
percussion cap
percussion instrument
perforation
perfume
perfumery
perfumery
perfumery
peripheral
periscope
peristyle
periwig
permanent press
perpetual motion machine
personal computer
personal digital assistant
personnel carrier
pestle
pestle
petcock
Petri dish
petrolatum gauze
pet shop
petticoat
pew
phial
Phillips screw
Phillips screwdriver
phonograph needle
phonograph record
photocathode
photocoagulator
photocopier
photographic equipment
photographic paper
photometer
photomicrograph
Photostat
photostat
physical pendulum
piano
piano action
piano keyboard
piano wire
piccolo
pick
pick
pick
pickelhaube
picket boat
picket fence
picket ship
pickle barrel
pickup
picture
picture frame
picture hat
picture rail
picture window
piece of cloth
pied-a-terre
pier
pier
pier arch
pier glass
pier table
pieta
piezometer
pig bed
piggery
piggy bank
pilaster
pile
pile driver
pill bottle
pillbox
pillion
pillory
pillow
pillow block
pillow lace
pillow sham
pilot bit
pilot boat
pilot burner
pilot cloth
pilot engine
pilothouse
pilot light
pin
pin
pin
pinata
pinball machine
pince-nez
pincer
pinch bar
pincurl clip
pinfold
ping-pong ball
pinhead
pinion
pinnacle
pinprick
pinstripe
pinstripe
pinstripe
pintle
pinwheel
pinwheel
tabor pipe
pipe
pipe bomb
pipe cleaner
pipe cutter
pipefitting
pipet
pipe vise
pipe wrench
pique
pirate
piste
pistol
pistol grip
piston
piston ring
piston rod
pit
pitcher
pitchfork
pitching wedge
pitch pipe
pith hat
piton
Pitot-static tube
Pitot tube
pitsaw
pivot
pivoting window
pizzeria
place of business
place of worship
placket
planchet
plane
plane
plane seat
planetarium
planetarium
planetarium
planetary gear
plank-bed
planking
planner
plant
planter
plaster
plasterboard
plastering trowel
plastic bag
plastic bomb
plastic laminate
plastic wrap
plastron
plastron
plastron
plate
plate
plate
platen
platen
plate rack
plate rail
platform
platform
platform
platform bed
platform rocker
plating
platter
playback
playbox
playground
playpen
playsuit
plaza
pleat
plenum
plethysmograph
pleximeter
plexor
pliers
plimsoll
plotter
plow
plug
plug
plug fuse
plughole
plumb bob
plumb level
plunger
plus fours
plush
plywood
pneumatic drill
p-n junction
p-n-p transistor
poacher
pocket
pocket battleship
pocketcomb
pocket flap
pocket-handkerchief
pocketknife
pocket watch
pod
pogo stick
point-and-shoot camera
pointed arch
pointing trowel
point lace
poker
polarimeter
Polaroid
Polaroid camera
pole
pole
poleax
poleax
police boat
police van
polling booth
polo ball
polo mallet
polonaise
polo shirt
polyester
polygraph
pomade
pommel horse
poncho
pongee
poniard
pontifical
pontoon
pontoon bridge
pony cart
pool ball
poolroom
pool table
poop deck
poor box
poorhouse
pop bottle
popgun
poplin
popper
poppet
pop tent
porcelain
porch
porkpie
porringer
portable
portable computer
portable circular saw
portcullis
porte-cochere
porte-cochere
portfolio
porthole
portico
portiere
portmanteau
portrait camera
portrait lens
positive pole
positive pole
positron emission tomography scanner
post
postage meter
post and lintel
post chaise
postern
post exchange
posthole digger
post horn
posthouse
pot
pot
potbelly
Potemkin village
potential divider
potentiometer
potentiometer
potpourri
potsherd
potter's wheel
pottery
pottle
potty seat
pouch
poultice
pound
pound net
powder
powder and shot
powdered mustard
powder horn
powder keg
power brake
power cord
power drill
power line
power loom
power mower
power pack
power saw
power shovel
power steering
power takeoff
power tool
praetorium
prayer rug
prayer shawl
precipitator
prefab
presbytery
presence chamber
press
press
press
press box
press gallery
press of sail
pressure cabin
pressure cooker
pressure dome
pressure gauge
pressurized water reactor
pressure suit
pricket
prie-dieu
primary coil
Primus stove
Prince Albert
print
print buffer
printed circuit
printer
printer
printer cable
priory
prison
prison camp
privateer
private line
privet hedge
probe
proctoscope
prod
production line
projectile
projector
projector
prolonge
prolonge knot
prompter
prong
propeller
propeller plane
propjet
proportional counter tube
propulsion system
proscenium
proscenium arch
prosthesis
protective covering
protective garment
proton accelerator
protractor
pruner
pruning knife
pruning saw
pruning shears
psaltery
psychrometer
PT boat
public address system
public house
public toilet
public transport
public works
puck
pull
pullback
pull chain
pulley
pull-off
Pullman
pullover
pull-through
pulse counter
pulse generator
pulse timing circuit
pump
pump
pump action
pump house
pump room
pump-type pliers
pump well
punch
punchboard
punch bowl
punching bag
punch pliers
punch press
punnet
punt
pup tent
purdah
purifier
purl
purse
push-bike
push broom
push button
push-button radio
pusher
put-put
puttee
putter
putty knife
puzzle
pylon
pylon
pyramidal tent
pyrograph
pyrometer
pyrometric cone
pyrostat
pyx
pyx
pyxis
quad
quadrant
quadraphony
quartering
quarterstaff
quartz battery
quartz lamp
queen
queen
queen post
quern
quill
quilt
quilted bedspread
quilting
quipu
quirk molding
quirt
quiver
quoin
quoit
QWERTY keyboard
rabbet
rabbet joint
rabbit ears
rabbit hutch
raceabout
racer
raceway
racing boat
racing gig
racing skiff
rack
rack
rack
rack and pinion
racket
racquetball
radar
radial
radial engine
radiation pyrometer
radiator
radiator
radiator cap
radiator hose
radio
radio antenna
radio chassis
radio compass
radiogram
radio interferometer
radio link
radiometer
radiomicrometer
radio-phonograph
radio receiver
radiotelegraph
radiotelephone
radio telescope
radiotherapy equipment
radio transmitter
radome
raft
rafter
raft foundation
rag
ragbag
raglan
raglan sleeve
rail
rail fence
railhead
railing
railing
railroad bed
railroad tunnel
rain barrel
raincoat
rain gauge
rain stick
rake
rake handle
RAM disk
ramekin
ramjet
rammer
ramp
rampant arch
rampart
ramrod
ramrod
ranch
ranch house
random-access memory
rangefinder
range hood
range pole
rapier
rariora
rasp
ratchet
ratchet wheel
rathskeller
ratline
rat-tail file
rattan
rattrap
rayon
razor
razorblade
reaction-propulsion engine
reaction turbine
reactor
reading lamp
reading room
read-only memory
read-only memory chip
readout
read/write head
ready-to-wear
real storage
reamer
reamer
rearview mirror
Reaumur thermometer
rebozo
receiver
receptacle
reception desk
reception room
recess
reciprocating engine
recliner
reconnaissance plane
reconnaissance vehicle
record changer
recorder
recording
recording system
record player
record sleeve
recovery room
recreational vehicle
recreation room
recycling bin
recycling plant
redbrick university
red carpet
redoubt
redoubt
reduction gear
reed pipe
reed stop
reef knot
reel
reel
refectory
refectory table
refinery
reflecting telescope
reflectometer
reflector
reflex camera
reflux condenser
reformatory
reformer
refracting telescope
refractometer
refrigeration system
refrigerator
refrigerator car
refuge
regalia
regimentals
regulator
rein
relay
release
religious residence
reliquary
remote control
remote terminal
removable disk
rendering
rep
repair shop
repeater
repeating firearm
repository
reproducer
rerebrace
rescue equipment
research center
reseau
reservoir
reset
reset button
residence
resistance pyrometer
resistor
resonator
resonator
resort hotel
respirator
restaurant
rest house
restraint
resuscitator
retainer
retaining wall
reticle
reticulation
reticule
retort
retractor
return key
reverberatory furnace
revers
reverse
reversible
revetment
revetment
revolver
revolving door
rheometer
rheostat
rhinoscope
rib
riband
ribbed vault
ribbing
ribbon development
rib joint pliers
ricer
riddle
ride
ridge
ridge rope
riding boot
riding crop
riding mower
rifle
rifle ball
rifle grenade
rig
rigger
rigger
rigging
rigout
ringlet
rings
rink
riot gun
ripcord
ripcord
ripping bar
ripping chisel
ripsaw
riser
riser
Ritz
river boat
rivet
riveting machine
roach clip
road
roadbed
roadblock
roadhouse
roadster
roadway
roaster
robe
robotics equipment
Rochon prism
rock bit
rocker
rocker
rocker arm
rocket
rocket
rocking chair
rod
rodeo
roll
roller
roller
roller bandage
in-line skate
Rollerblade
roller blind
roller coaster
roller skate
roller towel
roll film
rolling hitch
rolling mill
rolling pin
rolling stock
roll-on
roll-on
roll-on roll-off
Rolodex
Roman arch
Roman building
romper
rood screen
roof
roof
roofing
room
roomette
room light
roost
rope
rope bridge
rope tow
rose water
rose window
rosin bag
rotary actuator
rotary engine
rotary press
rotating mechanism
rotating shaft
rotisserie
rotisserie
rotor
rotor
rotor
rotor blade
rotor head
rotunda
rotunda
rouge
roughcast
rouleau
roulette
roulette ball
roulette wheel
round
round arch
round-bottom flask
roundel
round file
roundhouse
router
router
router plane
rowel
row house
rowing boat
rowlock arch
royal
royal mast
rubber band
rubber boot
rubber bullet
rubber eraser
rudder
rudder
rudder blade
rug
rugby ball
ruin
rule
rumble
rumble seat
rummer
rumpus room
runcible spoon
rundle
running shoe
running suit
runway
rushlight
russet
rya
saber
saber saw
sable
sable
sable coat
sabot
sachet
sack
sack
sackbut
sackcloth
sackcloth
sack coat
sacking
saddle
saddlebag
saddle blanket
saddle oxford
saddlery
saddle seat
saddle stitch
safe
safe
safe-deposit
safe house
safety arch
safety belt
safety bicycle
safety bolt
safety curtain
safety fuse
safety lamp
safety match
safety net
safety pin
safety rail
safety razor
safety valve
sail
sail
sailboat
sailcloth
sailing vessel
sailing warship
sailor cap
sailor suit
salad bar
salad bowl
salinometer
sallet
salon
salon
salon
saltbox
saltcellar
saltshaker
saltworks
salver
salwar
Sam Browne belt
samisen
samite
samovar
sampan
sandal
sandbag
sandblaster
sandbox
sandglass
sand wedge
sandwich board
sanitary napkin
cling film
sarcenet
sarcophagus
sari
sarong
sash
sash fastener
sash window
satchel
sateen
satellite
satellite receiver
satellite television
satellite transmitter
satin
Saturday night special
saucepan
saucepot
sauna
savings bank
saw
sawed-off shotgun
sawhorse
sawmill
saw set
sax
saxhorn
scabbard
scaffolding
scale
scale
scaler
scaling ladder
scalpel
scanner
scanner
scanner
scantling
scarf
scarf joint
scatter rug
scauper
Schmidt telescope
school
schoolbag
school bell
school bus
school ship
school system
schooner
schooner
scientific instrument
scimitar
scintillation counter
scissors
sclerometer
scoinson arch
sconce
sconce
scoop
scooter
scoreboard
scouring pad
scow
scow
scraper
scratcher
screen
screen
screen
screen
screen door
screening
screw
screw
screw
screwdriver
screw eye
screw key
screw thread
screwtop
screw wrench
scriber
scrim
scrimshaw
scriptorium
scrubber
scrub brush
scrub plane
scuffer
scuffle
scull
scull
scullery
sculpture
scuttle
scyphus
scythe
seabag
sea boat
sea chest
sealing wax
sealskin
seam
seaplane
searchlight
searing iron
seat
seat
seat
seat belt
secateurs
secondary coil
second balcony
second base
second hand
secretary
sectional
security blanket
security system
security system
sedan
sedan
seeder
seeker
seersucker
segmental arch
Segway
seidel
seine
seismograph
selector
selenium cell
self-propelled vehicle
self-registering thermometer
self-starter
selsyn
selvage
semaphore
semiautomatic firearm
semiautomatic pistol
semiconductor device
semi-detached house
semigloss
semitrailer
sennit
sensitometer
sentry box
separate
septic tank
sequence
sequencer
serape
serge
serger
serial port
serpent
serration
server
server
service club
serving cart
serving dish
servo
set
set gun
setscrew
setscrew
set square
settee
settle
settlement house
seventy-eight
Seven Wonders of the Ancient World
sewage disposal plant
sewer
sewing basket
sewing kit
sewing machine
sewing needle
sewing room
sextant
sgraffito
shackle
shackle
shade
shadow box
shaft
shag rug
shaker
shank
shank
shantung
shaper
shaping tool
sharkskin
sharpener
Sharpie
shaver
shaving brush
shaving cream
shaving foam
shawl
shawm
shears
sheath
sheathing
shed
sheep bell
sheepshank
sheepskin coat
sheepwalk
sheet
sheet bend
sheeting
sheet pile
Sheetrock
shelf
shelf bracket
shell
shell
shell
shellac
shelter
shelter
shelter
sheltered workshop
Sheraton
shield
shield
shielding
shift key
shillelagh
shim
shingle
shin guard
ship
shipboard system
shipping
shipping room
ship-towed long-range acoustic detection system
shipwreck
shirt
shirt button
shirtdress
shirtfront
shirting
shirtsleeve
shirttail
shirtwaist
shiv
shock absorber
shoe
shoe
shoebox
shoehorn
shoe shop
shoetree
shofar
shoji
shooting brake
shooting lodge
shooting stick
shop
shop bell
shopping bag
shopping basket
shopping cart
short circuit
short iron
short pants
short sleeve
shortwave diathermy machine
shot
shot glass
shotgun
shotgun shell
shot tower
shoulder
shoulder bag
shouldered arch
shoulder holster
shoulder pad
shoulder patch
shovel
shovel
shovel hat
showboat
shower
shower cap
shower curtain
shower room
shower stall
showroom
shrapnel
shredder
shrimper
shrine
shrink-wrap
shunt
shunt
shunter
shutter
shutter
shuttle
shuttle
shuttle bus
shuttlecock
shuttle helicopter
Sibley tent
sickbay
sickbed
sickle
sickroom
sideboard
sidecar
side chapel
sidelight
sidesaddle
sidewalk
sidewall
side-wheeler
sidewinder
sieve
sifter
sights
sigmoidoscope
signal box
signaling device
signboard
silencer
silent butler
Silex
silk
silks
silo
silver plate
silverpoint
simple pendulum
simulator
single bed
single-breasted jacket
single-breasted suit
single prop
single-reed instrument
single-rotor helicopter
singlestick
singlet
siren
sister ship
sitar
sitz bath
six-pack
skate
skateboard
skeg
skein
skeleton
skeleton key
skep
skep
sketch
sketcher
skew arch
skewer
ski
ski binding
skibob
ski boot
ski cap
skidder
skid lid
skiff
ski jump
ski lodge
ski mask
skimmer
ski parka
ski-plane
ski pole
ski rack
skirt
skirt
ski tow
Skivvies
skullcap
skybox
skyhook
skylight
skysail
skyscraper
skywalk
slacks
slack suit
slasher
slash pocket
slat
slate
slate pencil
slate roof
sled
sleeper
sleeper
sleeping bag
sleeping car
sleeve
sleeve
sleigh bed
sleigh bell
slice bar
slicer
slicer
slide
slide fastener
slide projector
slide rule
slide valve
sliding door
sliding seat
sliding window
sling
sling
slingback
slinger ring
slip clutch
slipcover
slip-joint pliers
slipknot
slip-on
slipper
slip ring
slit lamp
slit trench
sloop
sloop of war
slop basin
slop pail
slops
slopshop
slot
slot machine
sluice
smack
small boat
small computer system interface
small ship
small stores
smart bomb
smelling bottle
smocking
smoke bomb
smokehouse
smoker
smoke screen
smoking room
smoothbore
smooth plane
snack bar
snaffle
snap
snap brim
snap-brim hat
snare
snare drum
snatch block
snifter
sniper rifle
snips
Sno-cat
snood
snorkel
snorkel
snowbank
snowboard
snowmobile
snowplow
snowshoe
snowsuit
snow thrower
snuffbox
snuffer
snuffers
soapbox
soap dish
soap dispenser
soap pad
soccer ball
sock
socket
socket wrench
socle
soda can
soda fountain
soda fountain
sod house
sodium-vapor lamp
sofa
soffit
softball
soft pedal
soil pipe
solar array
solar cell
solar dish
solar heater
solar house
solar telescope
solar thermal system
soldering iron
solenoid
solleret
sombrero
sonic depth finder
sonogram
sonograph
sorter
souk
sound bow
soundbox
sound camera
sounder
sound film
sounding board
sounding rocket
sound recording
sound spectrograph
soup bowl
soup ladle
soupspoon
source of illumination
sourdine
soutache
soutane
sou'wester
soybean future
space bar
space capsule
spacecraft
space heater
space helmet
space rocket
space shuttle
space station
spacesuit
spade
spade bit
spaghetti junction
Spandau
spandex
spandrel
spanker
spar
sparge pipe
spark arrester
spark arrester
spark chamber
spark coil
spark gap
spark lever
spark plug
sparkplug wrench
spark transmitter
spat
spatula
spatula
speakerphone
speaking trumpet
spear
spear
specialty store
specimen bottle
spectacle
spectacles
spectator pump
spectrograph
spectrophotometer
spectroscope
speculum
speedboat
speed bump
speedometer
speed skate
spherometer
sphygmomanometer
spicemill
spice rack
spider
spider web
spike
spike
spindle
spindle
spindle
spin dryer
spinet
spinet
spinnaker
spinner
spinning frame
spinning jenny
spinning machine
spinning rod
spinning wheel
spiral bandage
spiral ratchet screwdriver
spiral spring
spirit lamp
spirit stove
spirometer
spit
spittoon
splashboard
splasher
splice
splicer
splint
split rail
Spode
spoiler
spoiler
spoke
spokeshave
sponge cloth
sponge mop
spoon
spoon
Spork
sporran
sport kite
sports car
sports equipment
sports implement
sportswear
sport utility
spot
spotlight
spot weld
spouter
sprag
spray gun
spray paint
spreader
sprig
spring
spring balance
springboard
sprinkler
sprinkler system
sprit
spritsail
sprocket
sprocket
spun yarn
spur
spur gear
sputnik
spy satellite
squad room
square
square knot
square-rigger
square sail
squash ball
squash racket
squawk box
squeegee
squeezer
squelch circuit
squinch
stabilizer
stabilizer
stabilizer bar
stable
stable gear
stabling
stacks
staddle
stadium
stage
stagecoach
stained-glass window
stair-carpet
stair-rod
stairwell
stake
stall
stall
stamp
stamp mill
stamping machine
stanchion
stand
standard
standard cell
standard transmission
standing press
stanhope
Stanley Steamer
staple
staple
staple gun
stapler
starship
starter
starting gate
Stassano furnace
Statehouse
stately home
state prison
stateroom
static tube
station
stator
statue
stay
staysail
steakhouse
steak knife
stealth aircraft
stealth bomber
stealth fighter
steam bath
steamboat
steam chest
steam engine
steamer
steamer
steam iron
steam locomotive
steamroller
steam shovel
steam turbine
steam whistle
steel
steel arch bridge
steel drum
steel mill
steel-wool pad
steelyard
steeple
steerage
steering gear
steering linkage
steering system
steering wheel
stele
stem-winder
stencil
Sten gun
stenograph
step
step-down transformer
step stool
step-up transformer
stereo
stereoscope
stern chaser
sternpost
sternwheeler
stethoscope
stewing pan
stick
stick
stick
stick
stile
stiletto
still
stillroom
Stillson wrench
stilt
Stinger
stink bomb
stirrer
stirrup
stirrup pump
stob
stock
stockade
stockcar
stock car
stockinet
stocking
stock-in-trade
stockpot
stockroom
stocks
stock saddle
stockyard
stole
stomacher
stomach pump
stone wall
stoneware
stonework
stool
stoop
stop bath
stopcock
stopper knot
stopwatch
storage battery
storage cell
storage ring
storage space
storeroom
storm cellar
storm door
storm window
stoup
stoup
stove
stove
stove bolt
stovepipe
stovepipe iron
Stradavarius
straight chair
straightedge
straightener
straight flute
straight pin
straight razor
strainer
straitjacket
strap
strap
strap hinge
strapless
streamer fly
streamliner
street
street
streetcar
street clothes
streetlight
stretcher
stretcher
stretch pants
strickle
strickle
stringed instrument
stringer
stringer
string tie
strip
strip lighting
strip mall
stroboscope
strongbox
stronghold
strongroom
strop
structural member
structure
student center
student lamp
student union
stud finder
studio apartment
studio couch
study
study hall
stuffing nut
stump
stun gun
stupa
sty
stylus
stylus
sub-assembly
subcompact
submachine gun
submarine
submarine torpedo
submersible
submersible
subtracter
subway token
subway train
subwoofer
suction cup
suction pump
sudatorium
suede cloth
sugar bowl
sugar refinery
sugar spoon
suit
suite
suiting
sulky
summer house
sumo ring
sump
sump pump
sunbonnet
Sunday best
sun deck
sundial
sundress
sundries
sun gear
sunglass
sunglasses
sunhat
sunlamp
sun parlor
sunroof
sunscreen
sunsuit
supercharger
supercomputer
superconducting supercollider
superhighway
supermarket
superstructure
supertanker
supper club
supplejack
supply chamber
supply closet
support
support
support column
support hose
supporting structure
supporting tower
surcoat
surface gauge
surface lift
surface search radar
surface ship
surface-to-air missile
surface-to-air missile system
surfboat
surcoat
surgeon's knot
surgery
surge suppressor
surgical dressing
surgical instrument
surgical knife
surplice
surrey
surtout
surveillance system
surveying instrument
surveyor's level
sushi bar
suspension
suspension bridge
suspensory
sustaining pedal
suture
swab
swab
swaddling clothes
swag
swage block
swagger stick
swallow-tailed coat
swamp buggy
swan's down
swathe
swatter
sweat bag
sweatband
sweater
sweat pants
sweatshirt
sweatshop
sweat suit
sweep
sweep hand
swimming trunks
swimsuit
swing
swing door
switch
switchblade
switch engine
swivel
swivel chair
swizzle stick
sword
sword cane
S wrench
synagogue
synchrocyclotron
synchroflash
synchromesh
synchronous converter
synchronous motor
synchrotron
synchroscope
synthesizer
syringe
system
tabard
Tabernacle
tabi
tab key
table
table
tablefork
table knife
table lamp
table saw
tablespoon
tablet-armed chair
table-tennis table
table-tennis racquet
tabletop
tableware
tabor
taboret
tachistoscope
tachograph
tachometer
tachymeter
tack
tack hammer
taffeta
taffrail
tailgate
taillight
tailor-made
tailor's chalk
tailpipe
tail rotor
tailstock
take-up
talaria
talcum
tam
tambour
tambour
tambourine
tammy
tamp
Tampax
tampion
tampon
tandoor
tangram
tank
tank
tankard
tank car
tank destroyer
tank engine
tanker plane
tank shell
tank top
tannoy
tap
tapa
tape
tape
tape deck
tape drive
tape player
tape recorder
taper file
tapestry
tappet
tap wrench
tare
target
target acquisition system
tarmacadam
tarpaulin
tartan
tasset
tattoo
tavern
tawse
taximeter
T-bar lift
tea bag
tea ball
tea cart
tea chest
teaching aid
teacup
tea gown
teakettle
tea maker
teapot
teashop
teaspoon
tea-strainer
tea table
tea tray
tea urn
tee
tee hinge
telecom hotel
telecommunication system
telegraph
telegraph key
telemeter
telephone
telephone bell
telephone booth
telephone cord
telephone jack
telephone line
telephone plug
telephone pole
telephone receiver
telephone system
telephone wire
telephoto lens
Teleprompter
telescope
telescopic sight
telethermometer
teletypewriter
television
television antenna
television camera
television equipment
television monitor
television receiver
television room
television transmitter
telpher
telpherage
tempera
temple
temple
temporary hookup
tender
tender
tender
tenement
tennis ball
tennis camp
tennis racket
tenon
tenor drum
tenoroon
tenpenny nail
tenpin
tensimeter
tensiometer
tensiometer
tensiometer
tent
tenter
tenterhook
tent-fly
tent peg
tepee
terminal
terminal
terraced house
terra cotta
terrarium
terra sigillata
terry
Tesla coil
tessera
test equipment
test rocket
test room
testudo
tetraskelion
tetrode
textile machine
textile mill
thatch
theater
theater curtain
theater light
theodolite
theremin
thermal printer
thermal reactor
thermocouple
thermoelectric thermometer
thermograph
thermograph
thermohydrometer
thermojunction
thermometer
thermonuclear reactor
thermopile
thermos
thermostat
thigh pad
thill
thimble
thinning shears
third base
third gear
third rail
thong
thong
three-centered arch
three-decker
three-dimensional radar
three-piece suit
three-quarter binding
three-way switch
thresher
threshing floor
thriftshop
throat protector
throne
thrust bearing
thruster
thumb
thumbhole
thumbscrew
thumbstall
thumbtack
thunderer
thwart
tiara
ticking
tickler coil
tie
tie
tie rack
tie rod
tights
tile
tile cutter
tile roof
tiller
tilter
tilt-top table
timber
timber
timber hitch
timbrel
time bomb
time capsule
time clock
time-delay measuring instrument
time-fuse
timepiece
timer
timer
time-switch
tin
tinderbox
tine
tinfoil
tippet
tire chain
tire iron
titfer
tithe barn
titrator
toaster
toaster oven
toasting fork
toastrack
tobacco pouch
tobacco shop
toboggan
toby
tocsin
toe
toecap
toehold
toga
toga virilis
toggle
toggle bolt
toggle joint
toggle switch
togs
toilet
toilet bag
toilet bowl
toilet kit
toilet powder
toiletry
toilet seat
toilet water
tokamak
token
tollbooth
toll bridge
tollgate
toll line
tomahawk
Tommy gun
tomograph
tone arm
toner
tongs
tongue
tongue and groove joint
tongue depressor
tonometer
tool
tool bag
toolbox
toolshed
tooth
tooth
toothbrush
toothpick
top
top
topgallant
topgallant
topiary
topknot
topmast
topper
topsail
toque
torch
torpedo
torpedo
torpedo
torpedo boat
torpedo-boat destroyer
torpedo tube
torque converter
torque wrench
torture chamber
totem pole
touch screen
toupee
touring car
tourist class
towel
toweling
towel rack
towel rail
tower
town hall
towpath
tow truck
toy
toy box
toyshop
trace detector
track
track
trackball
tracked vehicle
tract house
tract housing
traction engine
tractor
tractor
trail bike
trailer
trailer
trailer camp
trailer truck
trailing edge
train
tramline
trammel
trampoline
tramp steamer
tramway
transdermal patch
transept
transformer
transistor
transit instrument
transmission
transmission shaft
transmitter
transom
transom
transponder
transporter
transporter
transport ship
trap
trap door
trapeze
trave
travel iron
trawl
trawl
trawler
tray
tray cloth
tread
tread
treadmill
treadmill
treasure chest
treasure ship
treenail
trefoil arch
trellis
trench
trench coat
trench knife
trepan
trepan
trestle
trestle
trestle bridge
trestle table
trestlework
trews
trial balloon
triangle
triangle
triclinium
triclinium
tricorn
tricot
tricycle
trident
trigger
trimaran
trimmer
trimmer arch
triode
tripod
triptych
trip wire
trireme
triskelion
triumphal arch
trivet
trivet
troika
troll
trolleybus
trombone
troop carrier
troopship
trophy case
trough
trouser
trouser cuff
trouser press
trouser
trousseau
trowel
truck
trumpet arch
truncheon
trundle bed
trunk
trunk hose
trunk lid
trunk line
truss
truss bridge
try square
T-square
tub
tube
tuck box
tucker
tucker-bag
tuck shop
Tudor arch
tudung
tugboat
tulle
tumble-dryer
tumbler
tumbrel
tun
tunic
tuning fork
tupik
turban
turbine
turbogenerator
tureen
Turkish bath
Turkish towel
Turk's head
turnbuckle
turner
turnery
turnpike
turnspit
turnstile
turntable
turntable
turret
turret clock
turtleneck
tweed
tweeter
twenty-two
twenty-two pistol
twenty-two rifle
twill
twill
twin bed
twinjet
twist bit
two-by-four
two-man tent
two-piece
typesetting machine
typewriter
typewriter carriage
typewriter keyboard
tyrolean
uke
ulster
ultracentrifuge
ultramicroscope
Ultrasuede
ultraviolet lamp
umbrella
umbrella tent
undercarriage
undercoat
undergarment
underpants
underwear
undies
uneven parallel bars
unicycle
uniform
universal joint
university
upholstery
upholstery material
upholstery needle
uplift
upper berth
upright
upset
upstairs
urceole
urn
urn
used-car
utensil
Uzi
vacation home
vacuum
vacuum chamber
vacuum flask
vacuum gauge
Valenciennes
valise
valve
valve
valve-in-head engine
vambrace
van
van
vane
vaporizer
variable-pitch propeller
variometer
varnish
vase
vault
vault
vaulting horse
vehicle
Velcro
velocipede
velour
velvet
velveteen
vending machine
veneer
Venetian blind
Venn diagram
ventilation
ventilation shaft
ventilator
veranda
verdigris
vernier caliper
vernier scale
vertical file
vertical stabilizer
vertical tail
Very pistol
vessel
vessel
vest
vestiture
vestment
vest pocket
vestry
viaduct
vibraphone
vibrator
vibrator
Victrola
vicuna
videocassette
videocassette recorder
videodisk
video recording
videotape
videotape
vigil light
villa
villa
villa
viol
viola
viola da braccio
viola da gamba
viola d'amore
violin
virginal
viscometer
viscose rayon
vise
visor
visual display unit
vivarium
Viyella
voile
volleyball
volleyball net
voltage regulator
voltaic cell
voltaic pile
voltmeter
vomitory
von Neumann machine
voting booth
voting machine
voussoir
vox angelica
vox humana
waders
wading pool
waffle iron
wagon
wagon
wagon tire
wagon wheel
wain
wainscot
wainscoting
waist pack
walker
walker
walker
walkie-talkie
walk-in
walking shoe
walking stick
Walkman
walk-up apartment
wall
wall
wall clock
wallet
wall tent
wall unit
wand
Wankel engine
ward
wardrobe
wardroom
warehouse
warming pan
war paint
warplane
war room
warship
wash
wash-and-wear
washbasin
washboard
washboard
washer
washer
washhouse
washroom
washstand
washtub
wastepaper basket
watch
watch cap
watch case
watch glass
watchtower
water-base paint
water bed
water bottle
water butt
water cart
water chute
water closet
watercolor
water-cooled reactor
water cooler
water faucet
water filter
water gauge
water glass
water hazard
water heater
watering can
watering cart
water jacket
water jug
water jump
water level
water meter
water mill
waterproof
waterproofing
water pump
water scooter
water ski
waterspout
water tower
water wagon
waterwheel
waterwheel
water wings
waterworks
wattmeter
waxwork
ways
weapon
weaponry
weapons carrier
weathercock
weatherglass
weather satellite
weather ship
weathervane
web
web
webbing
webcam
wedge
wedge
wedgie
Wedgwood
weeder
weeds
weekender
weighbridge
weight
weir
weir
welcome wagon
weld
welder's mask
weldment
well
wellhead
welt
Weston cell
wet bar
wet-bulb thermometer
wet cell
wet fly
wet suit
whaleboat
whaler
whaling gun
wheel
wheel
wheel and axle
wheelchair
wheeled vehicle
wheelwork
wherry
wherry
whetstone
whiffletree
whip
whipcord
whipping post
whipstitch
whirler
whisk
whisk
whiskey bottle
whiskey jug
whispering gallery
whistle
whistle
white
white goods
whitewash
whorehouse
wick
wicker
wicker basket
wicket
wicket
wickiup
wide-angle lens
widebody aircraft
wide wale
widow's walk
Wiffle
wig
wigwam
Wilton
wimple
wincey
winceyette
winch
Winchester
windbreak
winder
wind instrument
windjammer
windmill
windmill
window
window
window blind
window box
window envelope
window frame
window screen
window seat
window shade
windowsill
windshield
windshield wiper
Windsor chair
Windsor knot
Windsor tie
wind tee
wind tunnel
wind turbine
wine bar
wine bottle
wine bucket
wine cask
wineglass
winepress
winery
wineskin
wing
wing chair
wing nut
wing tip
wing tip
winker
wiper
wiper motor
wire
wire
wire cloth
wire cutter
wire gauge
wireless local area network
wire matrix printer
wire recorder
wire stripper
wirework
wiring
wishing cap
witness box
wok
woman's clothing
wood
woodcarving
wood chisel
woodenware
wooden spoon
woodscrew
woodshed
wood vise
woodwind
woof
woofer
wool
workbasket
workbench
work-clothing
workhouse
workhouse
workpiece
workroom
works
work-shirt
workstation
worktable
workwear
World Wide Web
worm fence
worm gear
worm wheel
worsted
worsted
wrap
wraparound
wrapping
wreck
wrench
wrestling mat
wringer
wrist pad
wrist pin
wristwatch
writing arm
writing desk
writing desk
writing implement
xerographic printer
Xerox
X-ray film
X-ray machine
X-ray tube
yacht
yacht chair
yagi
yard
yard
yardarm
yard marker
yardstick
yarmulke
yashmak
yataghan
yawl
yawl
yoke
yoke
yoke
yurt
Zamboni
zero
ziggurat
zill
zip gun
zither
zoot suit
shading
grain
wood grain
graining
marbleization
light
aura
sunniness
glint
opalescence
polish
primary color for pigments
primary color for light
colorlessness
mottle
achromia
shade
chromatic color
black
coal black
alabaster
bone
gray
ash grey
charcoal
sanguine
Turkey red
crimson
dark red
claret
fuschia
maroon
orange
reddish orange
yellow
gamboge
pale yellow
green
greenishness
sea green
sage green
bottle green
emerald
olive green
jade green
blue
azure
steel blue
greenish blue
purplish blue
purple
Tyrian purple
indigo
lavender
reddish purple
pink
carnation
rose
chestnut
chocolate
light brown
tan
beige
reddish brown
brick red
copper
Indian red
puce
olive
ultramarine
complementary color
pigmentation
complexion
ruddiness
nonsolid color
aposematic coloration
cryptic coloration
ring
center of curvature
cadaver
mandibular notch
rib
skin
skin graft
epidermal cell
melanocyte
prickle cell
columnar cell
spongioblast
squamous cell
amyloid plaque
dental plaque
macule
freckle
bouffant
sausage curl
forelock
spit curl
pigtail
pageboy
pompadour
thatch
soup-strainer
mustachio
walrus mustache
stubble
vandyke beard
soul patch
esophageal smear
paraduodenal smear
specimen
punctum
glenoid fossa
diastema
marrow
mouth
canthus
milk
mother's milk
colostrum
vein
ganglion cell
X chromosome
embryonic cell
myeloblast
sideroblast
osteocyte
megalocyte
leukocyte
histiocyte
fixed phagocyte
lymphocyte
monoblast
neutrophil
microphage
sickle cell
siderocyte
spherocyte
ootid
oocyte
spermatid
Leydig cell
striated muscle cell
smooth muscle cell
Ranvier's nodes
neuroglia
astrocyte
protoplasmic astrocyte
oligodendrocyte
proprioceptor
dendrite
sensory fiber
subarachnoid space
cerebral cortex
renal cortex
prepuce
head
scalp
frontal eminence
suture
foramen magnum
esophagogastric junction
heel
cuticle
hangnail
exoskeleton
abdominal wall
lemon
coordinate axis
landscape
medium
vehicle
paper
channel
film
silver screen
free press
press
print media
storage medium
magnetic storage medium
journalism
Fleet Street
photojournalism
news photography
rotogravure
newspaper
daily
gazette
school newspaper
tabloid
yellow journalism
telecommunication
telephone
voice mail
call
call-back
collect call
call forwarding
call-in
call waiting
crank call
local call
long distance
toll call
wake-up call
three-way calling
telegraphy
cable
wireless
radiotelegraph
radiotelephone
broadcasting
Rediffusion
multiplex
radio
television
cable television
high-definition television
reception
signal detection
Hakham
web site
chat room
portal site
jotter
breviary
wordbook
desk dictionary
reckoner
document
album
concept album
rock opera
tribute album
magazine
colour supplement
comic book
news magazine
pulp
slick
trade magazine
movie
outtake
shoot-'em-up
spaghetti Western
encyclical
crossword puzzle
sign
street sign
traffic light
swastika
concert
artwork
lobe
book jacket
cairn
three-day event
comfort food
comestible
tuck
course
dainty
dish
fast food
finger food
ingesta
kosher
fare
diet
diet
dietary
balanced diet
bland diet
clear liquid diet
diabetic diet
dietary supplement
carbohydrate loading
fad diet
gluten-free diet
high-protein diet
high-vitamin diet
light diet
liquid diet
low-calorie diet
low-fat diet
low-sodium diet
macrobiotic diet
reducing diet
soft diet
vegetarianism
menu
chow
board
mess
ration
field ration
K ration
C-ration
foodstuff
starches
breadstuff
coloring
concentrate
tomato concentrate
meal
kibble
cornmeal
farina
matzo meal
oatmeal
pea flour
roughage
bran
flour
plain flour
wheat flour
whole wheat flour
soybean meal
semolina
corn gluten feed
nutriment
commissariat
larder
frozen food
canned food
canned meat
Spam
dehydrated food
square meal
meal
potluck
refection
refreshment
breakfast
continental breakfast
brunch
lunch
business lunch
high tea
tea
dinner
supper
buffet
picnic
cookout
barbecue
clambake
fish fry
bite
nosh
nosh-up
ploughman's lunch
coffee break
banquet
entree
piece de resistance
plate
adobo
side dish
special
casserole
chicken casserole
chicken cacciatore
antipasto
appetizer
canape
cocktail
fruit cocktail
crab cocktail
shrimp cocktail
hors d'oeuvre
relish
dip
bean dip
cheese dip
clam dip
guacamole
soup
soup du jour
alphabet soup
consomme
madrilene
bisque
borsch
broth
barley water
bouillon
beef broth
chicken broth
broth
stock cube
chicken soup
cock-a-leekie
gazpacho
gumbo
julienne
marmite
mock turtle soup
mulligatawny
oxtail soup
pea soup
pepper pot
petite marmite
potage
pottage
turtle soup
eggdrop soup
chowder
corn chowder
clam chowder
Manhattan clam chowder
New England clam chowder
fish chowder
won ton
split-pea soup
green pea soup
lentil soup
Scotch broth
vichyssoise
stew
bigos
Brunswick stew
burgoo
burgoo
olla podrida
mulligan stew
purloo
goulash
hotchpotch
hot pot
beef goulash
pork-and-veal goulash
porkholt
Irish stew
oyster stew
lobster stew
lobscouse
fish stew
bouillabaisse
matelote
paella
fricassee
chicken stew
turkey stew
beef stew
ragout
ratatouille
salmi
pot-au-feu
slumgullion
smorgasbord
viand
ready-mix
brownie mix
cake mix
lemonade mix
self-rising flour
choice morsel
savory
calf's-foot jelly
caramel
lump sugar
cane sugar
castor sugar
powdered sugar
granulated sugar
icing sugar
corn sugar
brown sugar
demerara
sweet
confectionery
confiture
sweetmeat
candy
candy bar
carob bar
hardbake
hard candy
barley-sugar
brandyball
jawbreaker
lemon drop
sourball
patty
peppermint patty
bonbon
brittle
peanut brittle
chewing gum
gum ball
bubble gum
butterscotch
candied fruit
candied apple
crystallized ginger
grapefruit peel
lemon peel
orange peel
candied citrus peel
candy cane
candy corn
caramel
center
comfit
cotton candy
dragee
dragee
fondant
fudge
chocolate fudge
divinity
penuche
gumdrop
jujube
honey crisp
mint
horehound
peppermint
jelly bean
kiss
molasses kiss
meringue kiss
chocolate kiss
licorice
Life Saver
lollipop
lozenge
cachou
cough drop
marshmallow
marzipan
nougat
nougat bar
nut bar
peanut bar
popcorn ball
praline
rock candy
rock candy
sugar candy
sugarplum
taffy
molasses taffy
truffle
Turkish Delight
dessert
ambrosia
ambrosia
baked Alaska
blancmange
charlotte
compote
dumpling
flan
frozen dessert
junket
mousse
mousse
pavlova
peach melba
whip
prune whip
pudding
pudding
syllabub
tiramisu
trifle
tipsy cake
jello
apple dumpling
ice
water ice
ice cream
ice-cream cone
chocolate ice cream
Neapolitan ice cream
peach ice cream
sherbert
strawberry ice cream
tutti-frutti
vanilla ice cream
ice lolly
ice milk
frozen yogurt
snowball
snowball
parfait
ice-cream sundae
split
banana split
frozen pudding
frozen custard
pudding
flummery
fish mousse
chicken mousse
chocolate mousse
plum pudding
carrot pudding
corn pudding
steamed pudding
duff
vanilla pudding
chocolate pudding
brown Betty
Nesselrode
pease pudding
custard
creme caramel
creme anglais
creme brulee
fruit custard
tapioca
tapioca pudding
roly-poly
suet pudding
Bavarian cream
maraschino
nonpareil
zabaglione
garnish
pastry
turnover
apple turnover
knish
pirogi
samosa
timbale
puff paste
phyllo
puff batter
ice-cream cake
doughnut
fish cake
fish stick
conserve
apple butter
chowchow
jam
lemon curd
strawberry jam
jelly
apple jelly
crabapple jelly
grape jelly
marmalade
orange marmalade
gelatin
gelatin dessert
buffalo wing
barbecued wing
mess
mince
puree
barbecue
biryani
escalope de veau Orloff
saute
patty
veal parmesan
veal cordon bleu
margarine
mincemeat
stuffing
turkey stuffing
oyster stuffing
forcemeat
bread
anadama bread
bap
barmbrack
breadstick
grissino
brown bread
bun
tea bread
caraway seed bread
challah
cinnamon bread
cracked-wheat bread
cracker
crouton
dark bread
English muffin
flatbread
garlic bread
gluten bread
graham bread
Host
flatbrod
bannock
chapatti
pita
loaf of bread
French loaf
matzo
nan
onion bread
raisin bread
quick bread
banana bread
date bread
date-nut bread
nut bread
oatcake
Irish soda bread
skillet bread
rye bread
black bread
Jewish rye bread
limpa
Swedish rye bread
salt-rising bread
simnel
sour bread
toast
wafer
white bread
baguet
French bread
Italian bread
cornbread
corn cake
skillet corn bread
ashcake
hoecake
cornpone
corn dab
hush puppy
johnnycake
Shawnee cake
spoon bread
cinnamon toast
orange toast
Melba toast
zwieback
frankfurter bun
hamburger bun
muffin
bran muffin
corn muffin
Yorkshire pudding
popover
scone
drop scone
cross bun
brioche
crescent roll
hard roll
soft roll
kaiser roll
Parker House roll
clover-leaf roll
onion roll
bialy
sweet roll
bear claw
cinnamon roll
honey bun
pinwheel roll
danish
bagel
onion bagel
biscuit
rolled biscuit
baking-powder biscuit
buttermilk biscuit
shortcake
hardtack
saltine
soda cracker
oyster cracker
water biscuit
graham cracker
pretzel
soft pretzel
sandwich
sandwich plate
butty
ham sandwich
chicken sandwich
club sandwich
open-face sandwich
hamburger
cheeseburger
tunaburger
hotdog
Sloppy Joe
bomber
gyro
bacon-lettuce-tomato sandwich
Reuben
western
wrap
spaghetti
hasty pudding
gruel
congee
skilly
edible fruit
vegetable
julienne
raw vegetable
crudites
celery stick
legume
pulse
potherb
greens
chop-suey greens
bean curd
solanaceous vegetable
root vegetable
potato
baked potato
french fries
home fries
jacket potato
mashed potato
potato skin
Uruguay potato
yam
sweet potato
yam
snack food
chip
corn chip
tortilla chip
nacho
eggplant
pieplant
cruciferous vegetable
mustard
cabbage
kale
collards
Chinese cabbage
bok choy
head cabbage
red cabbage
savoy cabbage
broccoli
cauliflower
brussels sprouts
broccoli rabe
squash
summer squash
yellow squash
crookneck
zucchini
marrow
cocozelle
pattypan squash
spaghetti squash
winter squash
acorn squash
butternut squash
hubbard squash
turban squash
buttercup squash
cushaw
winter crookneck squash
cucumber
gherkin
artichoke
artichoke heart
Jerusalem artichoke
asparagus
bamboo shoot
sprout
bean sprout
alfalfa sprout
beet
beet green
sugar beet
mangel-wurzel
chard
pepper
sweet pepper
bell pepper
green pepper
globe pepper
pimento
hot pepper
chili
jalapeno
chipotle
cayenne
tabasco
onion
Bermuda onion
green onion
Vidalia onion
Spanish onion
purple onion
leek
shallot
salad green
lettuce
butterhead lettuce
buttercrunch
Bibb lettuce
Boston lettuce
crisphead lettuce
cos
leaf lettuce
celtuce
bean
goa bean
lentil
pea
green pea
marrowfat pea
snow pea
sugar snap pea
split-pea
chickpea
cajan pea
field pea
mushy peas
black-eyed pea
common bean
kidney bean
navy bean
pinto bean
frijole
black bean
fresh bean
flageolet
green bean
snap bean
string bean
Kentucky wonder
scarlet runner
haricot vert
wax bean
shell bean
lima bean
Fordhooks
sieva bean
fava bean
soy
green soybean
field soybean
cardoon
carrot
carrot stick
celery
pascal celery
celeriac
chicory
radicchio
coffee substitute
chicory
Postum
chicory escarole
Belgian endive
corn
sweet corn
hominy
lye hominy
pearl hominy
popcorn
cress
watercress
garden cress
winter cress
dandelion green
gumbo
kohlrabi
lamb's-quarter
wild spinach
tomato
beefsteak tomato
cherry tomato
plum tomato
tomatillo
mushroom
stuffed mushroom
salsify
oyster plant
scorzonera
parsnip
pumpkin
radish
turnip
white turnip
rutabaga
turnip greens
sorrel
French sorrel
spinach
taro
truffle
edible nut
bunya bunya
peanut
freestone
cling
windfall
apple
crab apple
eating apple
Baldwin
Cortland
Cox's Orange Pippin
Delicious
Golden Delicious
Red Delicious
Empire
Grimes' golden
Jonathan
McIntosh
Macoun
Northern Spy
Pearmain
Pippin
Prima
Stayman
Winesap
Stayman Winesap
cooking apple
Bramley's Seedling
Granny Smith
Lane's Prince Albert
Newtown Wonder
Rome Beauty
berry
bilberry
huckleberry
blueberry
wintergreen
cranberry
lingonberry
currant
gooseberry
black currant
red currant
blackberry
boysenberry
dewberry
loganberry
raspberry
saskatoon
strawberry
sugarberry
persimmon
acerola
carambola
ceriman
carissa plum
citrus
orange
temple orange
mandarin
clementine
satsuma
tangerine
tangelo
bitter orange
sweet orange
Jaffa orange
navel orange
Valencia orange
kumquat
lemon
lime
key lime
grapefruit
pomelo
citrange
citron
almond
Jordan almond
apricot
peach
nectarine
pitahaya
plum
damson
greengage
beach plum
sloe
Victoria plum
dried fruit
dried apricot
prune
raisin
seedless raisin
seeded raisin
currant
fig
pineapple
anchovy pear
banana
passion fruit
granadilla
sweet calabash
bell apple
breadfruit
jackfruit
cacao bean
cocoa
canistel
melon
melon ball
muskmelon
cantaloup
winter melon
honeydew
Persian melon
net melon
casaba
watermelon
cherry
sweet cherry
bing cherry
heart cherry
blackheart
capulin
sour cherry
amarelle
morello
cocoa plum
gherkin
grape
fox grape
Concord grape
Catawba
muscadine
scuppernong
slipskin grape
vinifera grape
emperor
muscat
ribier
sultana
Tokay
flame tokay
Thompson Seedless
custard apple
cherimoya
soursop
sweetsop
ilama
pond apple
papaw
papaya
kai apple
ketembilla
ackee
durian
feijoa
genip
genipap
kiwi
loquat
mangosteen
mango
sapodilla
sapote
tamarind
avocado
date
elderberry
guava
mombin
hog plum
hog plum
jaboticaba
jujube
litchi
longanberry
mamey
marang
medlar
medlar
mulberry
olive
black olive
green olive
pear
bosc
anjou
bartlett
seckel
plantain
plumcot
pomegranate
prickly pear
Barbados gooseberry
quandong
quandong nut
quince
rambutan
pulasan
rose apple
sorb
sour gourd
edible seed
pumpkin seed
betel nut
beechnut
walnut
black walnut
English walnut
brazil nut
butternut
souari nut
cashew
chestnut
chincapin
hazelnut
coconut
coconut milk
grugru nut
hickory nut
cola extract
macadamia nut
pecan
pine nut
pistachio
sunflower seed
anchovy paste
rollmops
feed
cattle cake
creep feed
fodder
feed grain
eatage
silage
oil cake
oil meal
alfalfa
broad bean
hay
timothy
stover
grain
grist
groats
millet
barley
pearl barley
buckwheat
bulgur
wheat
cracked wheat
stodge
wheat germ
oat
rice
brown rice
white rice
wild rice
paddy
slop
mash
chicken feed
cud
bird feed
petfood
dog food
cat food
canary seed
salad
tossed salad
green salad
Caesar salad
salmagundi
salad nicoise
combination salad
chef's salad
potato salad
pasta salad
macaroni salad
fruit salad
Waldorf salad
crab Louis
herring salad
tuna fish salad
chicken salad
coleslaw
aspic
molded salad
tabbouleh
ingredient
flavorer
bouillon cube
condiment
herb
fines herbes
spice
spearmint oil
lemon oil
wintergreen oil
salt
celery salt
onion salt
seasoned salt
sour salt
five spice powder
allspice
cinnamon
stick cinnamon
clove
cumin
fennel
ginger
ginger
mace
nutmeg
pepper
black pepper
white pepper
sassafras
basil
bay leaf
borage
hyssop
caraway
chervil
chives
comfrey
coriander
coriander
costmary
fennel
fennel
fennel seed
fenugreek
garlic
clove
garlic chive
lemon balm
lovage
marjoram
mint
mustard seed
mustard
Chinese mustard
nasturtium
parsley
salad burnet
rosemary
rue
sage
clary sage
savory
summer savory
winter savory
sweet woodruff
sweet cicely
tarragon
thyme
turmeric
caper
catsup
cardamom
cayenne
chili powder
chili sauce
chutney
steak sauce
taco sauce
salsa
mint sauce
cranberry sauce
curry powder
curry
lamb curry
duck sauce
horseradish
marinade
paprika
Spanish paprika
pickle
dill pickle
bread and butter pickle
pickle relish
piccalilli
sweet pickle
applesauce
soy sauce
Tabasco
tomato paste
angelica
angelica
almond extract
anise
Chinese anise
juniper berries
saffron
sesame seed
caraway seed
poppy seed
dill
dill seed
celery seed
lemon extract
monosodium glutamate
vanilla bean
vinegar
cider vinegar
wine vinegar
sauce
anchovy sauce
hot sauce
hard sauce
horseradish sauce
bolognese pasta sauce
carbonara
tomato sauce
tartare sauce
wine sauce
marchand de vin
bread sauce
plum sauce
peach sauce
apricot sauce
pesto
ravigote
remoulade sauce
dressing
sauce Louis
bleu cheese dressing
blue cheese dressing
French dressing
Lorenzo dressing
anchovy dressing
Italian dressing
half-and-half dressing
mayonnaise
green mayonnaise
aioli
Russian dressing
salad cream
Thousand Island dressing
barbecue sauce
hollandaise
bearnaise
Bercy
bordelaise
bourguignon
brown sauce
Espagnole
Chinese brown sauce
blanc
cheese sauce
chocolate sauce
hot-fudge sauce
cocktail sauce
Colbert
white sauce
cream sauce
Mornay sauce
demiglace
gravy
gravy
spaghetti sauce
marinara
mole
hunter's sauce
mushroom sauce
mustard sauce
Nantua
Hungarian sauce
pepper sauce
roux
Smitane
Soubise
Lyonnaise sauce
veloute
allemande
caper sauce
poulette
curry sauce
Worcester sauce
coconut milk
egg
egg white
egg yolk
boiled egg
hard-boiled egg
Easter egg
Easter egg
chocolate egg
candy egg
poached egg
scrambled eggs
deviled egg
shirred egg
omelet
firm omelet
French omelet
fluffy omelet
western omelet
souffle
fried egg
dairy product
milk
milk
sour milk
soya milk
formula
pasteurized milk
cows' milk
yak's milk
goats' milk
acidophilus milk
raw milk
scalded milk
homogenized milk
certified milk
powdered milk
nonfat dry milk
evaporated milk
condensed milk
skim milk
semi-skimmed milk
whole milk
low-fat milk
buttermilk
cream
clotted cream
double creme
half-and-half
heavy cream
light cream
sour cream
whipping cream
butter
clarified butter
ghee
brown butter
Meuniere butter
yogurt
blueberry yogurt
raita
whey
curd
curd
clabber
cheese
paring
cream cheese
double cream
mascarpone
triple cream
cottage cheese
process cheese
bleu
Stilton
Roquefort
gorgonzola
Danish blue
Bavarian blue
Brie
brick cheese
Camembert
cheddar
rat cheese
Cheshire cheese
double Gloucester
Edam
goat cheese
Gouda
grated cheese
hand cheese
Liederkranz
Limburger
mozzarella
Muenster
Parmesan
quark cheese
ricotta
string cheese
Swiss cheese
Emmenthal
Gruyere
sapsago
Velveeta
nut butter
peanut butter
marshmallow fluff
onion butter
pimento butter
shrimp butter
lobster butter
yak butter
spread
cheese spread
anchovy butter
fishpaste
garlic butter
miso
wasabi
snail butter
hummus
pate
duck pate
foie gras
tapenade
tahini
sweetening
aspartame
honey
saccharin
sugar
syrup
sugar syrup
molasses
sorghum
treacle
grenadine
maple syrup
corn syrup
miraculous food
batter
dough
bread dough
pancake batter
fritter batter
coq au vin
chicken provencale
chicken and rice
moo goo gai pan
arroz con pollo
bacon and eggs
barbecued spareribs
beef Bourguignonne
beef Wellington
bitok
boiled dinner
Boston baked beans
bubble and squeak
pasta
cannelloni
carbonnade flamande
cheese souffle
chicken Marengo
chicken cordon bleu
Maryland chicken
chicken paprika
chicken Tetrazzini
Tetrazzini
chicken Kiev
chili
chili dog
chop suey
chow mein
codfish ball
coquille
coquilles Saint-Jacques
croquette
cottage pie
rissole
dolmas
egg foo yong
egg roll
eggs Benedict
enchilada
falafel
fish and chips
fondue
cheese fondue
chocolate fondue
fondue
beef fondue
French toast
fried rice
frittata
frog legs
galantine
gefilte fish
haggis
ham and eggs
hash
corned beef hash
jambalaya
kabob
kedgeree
souvlaki
lasagna
seafood Newburg
lobster Newburg
shrimp Newburg
Newburg sauce
lobster thermidor
lutefisk
macaroni and cheese
macedoine
meatball
porcupine ball
Swedish meatball
meat loaf
moussaka
osso buco
marrow
pheasant under glass
pigs in blankets
pilaf
bulgur pilaf
pizza
sausage pizza
pepperoni pizza
cheese pizza
anchovy pizza
Sicilian pizza
poi
pork and beans
porridge
oatmeal
loblolly
potpie
rijsttaffel
risotto
roulade
fish loaf
salmon loaf
Salisbury steak
sauerbraten
sauerkraut
scallopine
veal scallopini
scampi
Scotch egg
Scotch woodcock
scrapple
spaghetti and meatballs
Spanish rice
steak tartare
pepper steak
steak au poivre
beef Stroganoff
stuffed cabbage
kishke
stuffed peppers
stuffed tomato
stuffed tomato
succotash
sukiyaki
sashimi
sushi
Swiss steak
tamale
tamale pie
tempura
teriyaki
terrine
Welsh rarebit
schnitzel
taco
chicken taco
burrito
beef burrito
quesadilla
tostada
bean tostada
refried beans
beverage
wish-wash
concoction
mix
filling
lekvar
potion
elixir
elixir of life
philter
alcohol
proof spirit
home brew
hooch
kava
aperitif
brew
beer
draft beer
suds
Munich beer
bock
lager
light beer
Oktoberfest
Pilsner
shebeen
Weissbier
Weizenbock
malt
wort
malt
ale
bitter
Burton
pale ale
porter
stout
Guinness
kvass
mead
metheglin
hydromel
oenomel
near beer
ginger beer
sake
wine
vintage
red wine
white wine
blush wine
altar wine
sparkling wine
champagne
cold duck
Burgundy
Beaujolais
Medoc
Canary wine
Chablis
Montrachet
Chardonnay
Pinot noir
Pinot blanc
Bordeaux
claret
Chianti
Cabernet
Merlot
Sauvignon blanc
California wine
Cotes de Provence
dessert wine
Dubonnet
jug wine
macon
Moselle
Muscadet
plonk
retsina
Rhine wine
Riesling
liebfraumilch
Rhone wine
Rioja
sack
Saint Emilion
Soave
zinfandel
Sauterne
straw wine
table wine
Tokay
vin ordinaire
vermouth
sweet vermouth
dry vermouth
Chenin blanc
Verdicchio
Vouvray
Yquem
generic
varietal
fortified wine
Madeira
malmsey
port
sherry
Marsala
muscat
liquor
neutral spirits
aqua vitae
eau de vie
moonshine
bathtub gin
aquavit
arrack
bitters
brandy
applejack
Calvados
Armagnac
Cognac
grappa
kirsch
slivovitz
gin
sloe gin
geneva
grog
ouzo
rum
demerara
Jamaica rum
schnapps
pulque
mescal
tequila
vodka
whiskey
blended whiskey
bourbon
corn whiskey
firewater
Irish
poteen
rye
Scotch
sour mash
liqueur
absinth
amaretto
anisette
benedictine
Chartreuse
coffee liqueur
creme de cacao
creme de menthe
creme de fraise
Drambuie
Galliano
orange liqueur
curacao
triple sec
Grand Marnier
kummel
maraschino
pastis
Pernod
pousse-cafe
Kahlua
ratafia
sambuca
mixed drink
cocktail
Dom Pedro
highball
mixer
bishop
Bloody Mary
Virgin Mary
bullshot
cobbler
collins
cooler
refresher
smoothie
daiquiri
strawberry daiquiri
NADA daiquiri
spritzer
flip
gimlet
gin and tonic
grasshopper
Harvey Wallbanger
julep
manhattan
Rob Roy
margarita
martini
gin and it
vodka martini
old fashioned
pink lady
Sazerac
screwdriver
sidecar
Scotch and soda
sling
brandy sling
gin sling
rum sling
sour
whiskey sour
stinger
swizzle
hot toddy
zombie
fizz
Irish coffee
cafe au lait
cafe noir
decaffeinated coffee
drip coffee
espresso
caffe latte
cappuccino
iced coffee
instant coffee
mocha
mocha
cassareep
Turkish coffee
chocolate milk
cider
hard cider
scrumpy
sweet cider
mulled cider
perry
rotgut
slug
cocoa
criollo
juice
fruit juice
nectar
apple juice
cranberry juice
grape juice
must
grapefruit juice
orange juice
frozen orange juice
pineapple juice
lemon juice
lime juice
papaya juice
tomato juice
carrot juice
V-8 juice
koumiss
fruit drink
lemonade
limeade
orangeade
malted milk
mate
mulled wine
negus
soft drink
pop
birch beer
bitter lemon
cola
cream soda
egg cream
ginger ale
orange soda
phosphate
Coca Cola
Pepsi
root beer
sarsaparilla
tonic
coffee bean
coffee
cafe royale
fruit punch
milk punch
mimosa
pina colada
punch
cup
champagne cup
claret cup
wassail
planter's punch
White Russian
fish house punch
May wine
eggnog
cassiri
spruce beer
rickey
gin rickey
tea
tea bag
tea
tea-like drink
cambric tea
cuppa
herb tea
tisane
camomile tea
ice tea
sun tea
black tea
congou
Darjeeling
orange pekoe
souchong
green tea
hyson
oolong
water
bottled water
branch water
spring water
sugar water
drinking water
ice water
soda water
mineral water
seltzer
Vichy water
perishable
couscous
ramekin
multivitamin
vitamin pill
soul food
mold
people
collection
book
library
baseball club
crowd
class
core
concert band
dance
wedding
chain
power breakfast
aerie
agora
amusement park
aphelion
apron
interplanetary space
interstellar space
intergalactic space
bush
semidesert
beam-ends
bridgehead
bus stop
campsite
detention basin
cemetery
trichion
city
business district
outskirts
borough
cow pasture
crest
eparchy
suburb
stockbroker belt
crawlspace
sheikdom
residence
domicile
dude ranch
farmland
midfield
firebreak
flea market
battlefront
garbage heap
benthos
goldfield
grainfield
half-mast
hemline
heronry
hipline
hipline
hole-in-the-wall
junkyard
isoclinic line
littoral
magnetic pole
grassland
mecca
observer's meridian
prime meridian
nombril
no-parking zone
outdoors
fairground
pasture
perihelion
periselene
locus of infection
kasbah
waterfront
resort
resort area
rough
ashram
harborage
scrubland
weald
wold
schoolyard
showplace
bedside
sideline
ski resort
soil horizon
geological horizon
coal seam
coalface
field
oilfield
Temperate Zone
terreplein
three-mile limit
desktop
top
kampong
subtropics
barrio
veld
vertex
waterline
high-water mark
low-water mark
continental divide
zodiac
Aegean island
sultanate
Swiss canton
abyssal zone
aerie
air bubble
alluvial flat
alp
Alpine glacier
anthill
aquifer
archipelago
arete
arroyo
ascent
asterism
asthenosphere
atoll
bank
bank
bar
barbecue pit
barrier reef
baryon
basin
beach
honeycomb
belay
ben
berm
bladder stone
bluff
borrow pit
brae
bubble
burrow
butte
caldera
canyon
canyonside
cave
cavern
chasm
cirque
cliff
cloud
coast
coastland
col
collector
comet
continental glacier
coral reef
cove
crag
crater
cultivated land
dale
defile
delta
descent
diapir
divot
divot
down
downhill
draw
drey
drumlin
dune
escarpment
esker
fireball
flare star
floor
fomite
foothill
footwall
foreland
foreshore
gauge boson
geological formation
geyser
glacier
glen
gopher hole
gorge
grotto
growler
gulch
gully
hail
highland
hill
hillside
hole
hollow
hot spring
iceberg
icecap
ice field
ice floe
ice mass
inclined fault
ion
isthmus
kidney stone
knoll
kopje
Kuiper belt
lake bed
lakefront
lakeside
landfall
landfill
lather
leak
ledge
lepton
lithosphere
lowland
lunar crater
maar
massif
meander
mesa
meteorite
microfossil
midstream
molehill
monocline
mountain
mountainside
mouth
mull
natural depression
natural elevation
nullah
ocean
ocean floor
oceanfront
outcrop
oxbow
pallasite
perforation
photosphere
piedmont
Piedmont glacier
pinetum
plage
plain
point
polar glacier
pothole
precipice
promontory
ptyalith
pulsar
quicksand
rabbit burrow
radiator
rainbow
range
rangeland
ravine
reef
ridge
ridge
rift valley
riparian forest
ripple mark
riverbank
riverbed
rock
roof
saltpan
sandbank
sandbar
sandpit
sanitary landfill
sawpit
scablands
seashore
seaside
seif dune
shell
shiner
shoal
shore
shoreline
sinkhole
ski slope
sky
slope
snowcap
snowdrift
snowfield
soapsuds
spit
spoor
spume
star
steep
steppe
strand
streambed
sun
supernova
swale
swamp
swell
tableland
talus
tangle
tar pit
terrace
tidal basin
tideland
tor
tor
Trapezium
troposphere
tundra
twinkler
uphill
urolith
valley
vehicle-borne transmission
vein
volcanic crater
volcano
wadi
wall
warren
wasp's nest
watercourse
waterside
water table
whinstone
wormcast
xenolith
Circe
gryphon
spiritual leader
messiah
Rhea Silvia
number one
adventurer
anomaly
appointee
argonaut
Ashkenazi
benefactor
color-blind person
commoner
conservator
contrarian
contadino
contestant
cosigner
discussant
enologist
entertainer
eulogist
ex-gambler
experimenter
experimenter
exponent
ex-president
face
female
finisher
inhabitant
native
native
juvenile
lover
male
mediator
mediatrix
national
peer
prize winner
recipient
religionist
sensualist
traveler
unwelcome person
unskilled person
worker
wrongdoer
Black African
Afrikaner
Aryan
Black
Black woman
mulatto
White
Circassian
Semite
Chaldean
Elamite
white man
WASP
gook
Mongol
Tatar
Nahuatl
Aztec
Olmec
Biloxi
Blackfoot
Brule
Caddo
Cheyenne
Chickasaw
Cocopa
Comanche
Creek
Delaware
Diegueno
Esselen
Eyeish
Havasupai
Hunkpapa
Iowa
Kalapooia
Kamia
Kekchi
Kichai
Kickapoo
Kiliwa
Malecite
Maricopa
Mohican
Muskhogean
Navaho
Nootka
Oglala
Osage
Oneida
Paiute
Passamaquody
Penobscot
Penutian
Potawatomi
Powhatan
kachina
Salish
Shahaptian
Shasta
Shawnee
Sihasapa
Teton
Taracahitian
Tarahumara
Tuscarora
Tutelo
Yana
Yavapai
Yokuts
Yuma
Gadaba
Kolam
Kui
Toda
Tulu
Gujarati
Kashmiri
Punjabi
Slav
Anabaptist
Adventist
gentile
gentile
Catholic
Old Catholic
Uniat
Copt
Jewess
Jihadist
Buddhist
Zen Buddhist
Mahayanist
swami
Hare Krishna
Shintoist
Eurafrican
Eurasian
Gael
Frank
Afghan
Albanian
Algerian
Altaic
Andorran
Angolan
Anguillan
Austrian
Bahamian
Bahraini
Basotho
Herero
Luba
Barbadian
Bolivian
Bornean
Carioca
Tupi
Bruneian
Bulgarian
Byelorussian
Cameroonian
Canadian
French Canadian
Central American
Chilean
Congolese
Cypriot
Dane
Djiboutian
Britisher
English person
Englishwoman
Anglo-Saxon
Angle
West Saxon
Lombard
limey
Cantabrigian
Cornishman
Cornishwoman
Lancastrian
Lancastrian
Geordie
Oxonian
Ethiopian
Amhara
Eritrean
Finn
Komi
Livonian
Lithuanian
Selkup
Parisian
Parisienne
Creole
Creole
Gabonese
Greek
Dorian
Athenian
Laconian
Guyanese
Haitian
Malay
Moro
Netherlander
Icelander
Iraqi
Irishman
Irishwoman
Dubliner
Italian
Roman
Sabine
Japanese
Jordanian
Korean
Kenyan
Lao
Lapp
Latin American
Lebanese
Levantine
Liberian
Luxemburger
Macedonian
Sabahan
Mexican
Chicano
Mexican-American
Namibian
Nauruan
Gurkha
New Zealander
Nicaraguan
Nigerian
Hausa
North American
Nova Scotian
Omani
Pakistani
Brahui
South American Indian
Carib
Filipino
Polynesian
Qatari
Romanian
Muscovite
Georgian
Sarawakian
Scandinavian
Senegalese
Slovene
South African
South American
Sudanese
Syrian
Tahitian
Tanzanian
Tibetan
Togolese
Tuareg
Turki
Chuvash
Turkoman
Uzbek
Ugandan
Ukranian
Yakut
Tungus
Igbo
American
Anglo-American
Alaska Native
Arkansan
Carolinian
Coloradan
Connecticuter
Delawarean
Floridian
German American
Illinoisan
Mainer
Marylander
Minnesotan
Nebraskan
New Hampshirite
New Jerseyan
New Yorker
North Carolinian
Oregonian
Pennsylvanian
Texan
Utahan
Uruguayan
Vietnamese
Gambian
East German
Berliner
Prussian
Ghanian
Guinean
Papuan
Walloon
Yemeni
Yugoslav
Serbian
Xhosa
Zairese
Zimbabwean
Zulu
Gemini
Sagittarius
Pisces
abbe
abbess
abnegator
abridger
abstractor
absconder
absolver
abecedarian
aberrant
abettor
abhorrer
abomination
abseiler
abstainer
academic administrator
academician
accessory before the fact
companion
accompanist
accomplice
account executive
accused
accuser
acid head
acquaintance
acquirer
aerialist
action officer
active
active citizen
actor
actor
addict
adducer
adjuster
adjutant
adjutant general
admirer
adoptee
adulterer
adulteress
advertiser
advisee
advocate
aeronautical engineer
affiliate
affluent
aficionado
buck sergeant
agent-in-place
aggravator
agitator
agnostic
agnostic
agonist
agony aunt
agriculturist
air attache
air force officer
airhead
air traveler
alarmist
albino
alcoholic
alderman
alexic
alienee
alienor
aliterate
algebraist
allegorizer
alliterator
almoner
alpinist
altar boy
alto
ambassador
ambassador
ambusher
amicus curiae
amoralist
amputee
analogist
analphabet
analyst
industry analyst
market strategist
anarchist
anathema
ancestor
anchor
ancient
anecdotist
angler
animator
animist
annotator
announcer
announcer
anti
anti-American
anti-Semite
Anzac
ape-man
aphakic
appellant
appointee
apprehender
April fool
aspirant
appreciator
appropriator
Arabist
archaist
archbishop
archer
architect
archivist
archpriest
Aristotelian
armiger
army attache
army engineer
army officer
arranger
arrival
arthritic
articulator
artilleryman
artist's model
assayer
assemblyman
assemblywoman
assenter
asserter
assignee
assistant
assistant professor
associate
associate
associate professor
astronaut
cosmographer
atheist
athlete
attendant
attorney general
auditor
augur
aunt
au pair girl
authoritarian
authority
authorizer
automobile mechanic
aviator
aviatrix
ayah
babu
baby
baby
baby boomer
baby farmer
back
backbencher
backpacker
backroom boy
backscratcher
bad person
baggage
bag lady
bailee
bailiff
bailor
bairn
baker
balancer
balker
ball-buster
ball carrier
ballet dancer
ballet master
ballet mistress
balletomane
ball hawk
balloonist
ballplayer
bullfighter
banderillero
matador
picador
bandsman
banker
bank robber
bankrupt
bantamweight
barmaid
baron
baron
baron
bartender
baseball coach
base runner
basketball player
basketweaver
Basket Maker
bass
bastard
bat boy
bather
batman
baton twirler
Bavarian
beadsman
beard
beatnik
beauty consultant
Bedouin
bedwetter
beekeeper
beer drinker
beggarman
beggarwoman
beldam
theist
believer
bell founder
benedick
berserker
besieger
best
betrothed
Big Brother
bigot
big shot
big sister
billiard player
biochemist
biographer
bird fancier
birth
birth-control campaigner
bisexual
black belt
blackmailer
Black Muslim
blacksmith
blade
bleacher
blind date
bluecoat
bluestocking
boatbuilder
boatman
boatswain
bobby
bodyguard
boffin
Bolshevik
Bolshevik
bombshell
bondman
bondwoman
bondwoman
bond servant
book agent
bookbinder
bookkeeper
bookmaker
bookworm
booster
bootblack
bootlegger
bootmaker
borderer
border patrolman
botanist
bottom feeder
boulevardier
bounty hunter
bounty hunter
Bourbon
bowler
slugger
cub
Boy Scout
boy scout
boy wonder
bragger
brahman
brawler
breadwinner
breaststroker
breeder
brick
bride
bridesmaid
bridge agent
broadcast journalist
Brother
brother-in-law
browser
Brummie
buddy
bull
bully
bunny
burglar
bursar
busboy
business editor
business traveler
buster
busybody
buttinsky
cabinetmaker
caddie
cadet
caller
call girl
calligrapher
campaigner
camper
camp follower
candidate
canonist
capitalist
captain
captain
captain
captain
captive
captive
cardinal
cardiologist
card player
cardsharp
careerist
career man
caregiver
caretaker
caretaker
caricaturist
carillonneur
caroler
carpenter
carper
Cartesian
cashier
casualty
casualty
casuist
catechist
catechumen
caterer
Catholicos
cat fancier
Cavalier
cavalryman
caveman
celebrant
celebrant
celebrity
cellist
censor
censor
centenarian
centrist
centurion
certified public accountant
chachka
chambermaid
chameleon
champion
chandler
prison chaplain
charcoal burner
charge d'affaires
charioteer
charmer
chartered accountant
chartist
charwoman
male chauvinist
cheapskate
Chechen
checker
cheerer
cheerleader
cheerleader
Cheops
chess master
chief executive officer
chief of staff
chief petty officer
Chief Secretary
child
child
child
child prodigy
chimneysweeper
chiropractor
chit
choker
choragus
choreographer
chorus girl
chosen
cicerone
cigar smoker
cipher
circus acrobat
citizen
city editor
city father
city man
city slicker
civic leader
civil rights leader
cleaner
clergyman
cleric
clerk
clever Dick
climatologist
climber
clinician
closer
closet queen
clown
clown
coach
coach
pitching coach
coachman
coal miner
coastguardsman
cobber
cobbler
codger
co-beneficiary
cog
cognitive neuroscientist
coiffeur
coiner
collaborator
colleen
college student
collegian
colonial
colonialist
colonizer
coloratura
color guard
colossus
comedian
comedienne
comer
commander
commander in chief
commanding officer
commissar
commissioned officer
commissioned military officer
commissioner
commissioner
committee member
committeewoman
commodore
communicant
communist
Communist
commuter
compere
complexifier
compulsive
computational linguist
computer scientist
computer user
Comrade
concert-goer
conciliator
conductor
confectioner
Confederate
confessor
confidant
Confucian
rep
conqueror
Conservative
Nonconformist
Anglican
consignee
consigner
constable
constructivist
contractor
contralto
contributor
control freak
convalescent
convener
convict
copilot
copycat
coreligionist
cornerback
corporatist
correspondent
cosmetician
cosmopolitan
Cossack
cost accountant
co-star
costumier
cotter
cotter
counselor
counterterrorist
counterspy
countess
compromiser
countrywoman
county agent
courtier
cousin
cover girl
cow
craftsman
craftsman
crapshooter
crazy
creature
creditor
creep
criminologist
critic
Croesus
cross-examiner
crossover voter
croupier
crown prince
crown princess
cryptanalyst
Cub Scout
cuckold
cultist
curandera
curate
curator
customer agent
cutter
cyberpunk
cyborg
cymbalist
Cynic
cytogeneticist
cytologist
czar
czar
dad
dairyman
Dalai Lama
dallier
dancer
dancer
clog dancer
dancing-master
dark horse
darling
date
daughter
dawdler
day boarder
day laborer
deacon
deaconess
deadeye
deipnosophist
dropout
deadhead
deaf person
debtor
deckhand
defamer
defense contractor
deist
delegate
deliveryman
demagogue
demigod
demographer
demonstrator
den mother
department head
depositor
deputy
dermatologist
descender
designated hitter
designer
desk clerk
desk officer
desk sergeant
detainee
detective
detective
detractor
developer
deviationist
devisee
devisor
devourer
dialectician
diarist
dietician
diocesan
director
director
dirty old man
disbeliever
disk jockey
dispatcher
distortionist
distributor
district attorney
district manager
diver
divorcee
ex-wife
divorce lawyer
docent
doctor
dodo
doge
dog in the manger
dogmatist
dolichocephalic
domestic partner
Dominican
dominus
don
Donatist
donna
dosser
double
double-crosser
down-and-out
doyenne
draftsman
dramatist
dreamer
dressmaker
dressmaker's model
dribbler
dribbler
drinker
drinker
drug addict
drug user
Druid
drum majorette
drummer
drunk
drunkard
Druze
dry
dry nurse
duchess
duke
duffer
dunker
Dutch uncle
dyspeptic
eager beaver
earl
earner
eavesdropper
eccentric
eclectic
econometrician
economist
ectomorph
editor
egocentric
egotist
ejaculator
elder
elder statesman
elected official
electrician
elegist
elocutionist
emancipator
embryologist
emeritus
emigrant
emissary
empress
employee
employer
enchantress
enchantress
encyclopedist
endomorph
enemy
energizer
end man
end man
endorser
enjoyer
enlisted woman
enophile
entrant
entrant
entrepreneur
envoy
enzymologist
eparch
epidemiologist
epigone
epileptic
Episcopalian
equerry
equerry
erotic
escapee
escapist
Eskimo
espionage agent
esthetician
etcher
ethnologist
Etonian
etymologist
evangelist
Evangelist
event planner
examiner
examiner
exarch
executant
executive secretary
executive vice president
executrix
exegete
exhibitor
exhibitionist
exile
existentialist
exorcist
ex-spouse
extern
extremist
extrovert
eyewitness
facilitator
fairy godmother
falangist
falconer
falsifier
familiar
fan
fanatic
fancier
farm boy
farmer
farmhand
fascist
fascista
fatalist
father
Father
father-figure
father-in-law
Fauntleroy
Fauve
favorite son
featherweight
federalist
fellow traveler
female aristocrat
female offspring
female child
fence
fiance
fielder
field judge
fighter pilot
filer
film director
finder
fire chief
fire-eater
fire-eater
fireman
fire marshall
fire walker
first baseman
firstborn
first lady
first lieutenant
first offender
first sergeant
fishmonger
flagellant
flag officer
flak catcher
flanker back
flapper
flatmate
flatterer
flibbertigibbet
flight surgeon
floorwalker
flop
Florentine
flower girl
flower girl
flutist
fly-by-night
flyweight
flyweight
foe
folk dancer
folk poet
follower
football hero
football player
footman
forefather
foremother
foreign agent
foreigner
boss
foreman
forester
forewoman
forger
forward
foster-brother
foster-father
foster-mother
foster-sister
foster-son
founder
foundress
four-minute man
framer
Francophobe
freak
free agent
free agent
freedom rider
free-liver
freeloader
free trader
Freudian
friar
monk
frontierswoman
front man
frotteur
fucker
fucker
fuddy-duddy
fullback
funambulist
fundamentalist
fundraiser
futurist
gadgeteer
gagman
gagman
gainer
gal
galoot
gambist
gambler
gamine
garbage man
gardener
garment cutter
garroter
gasman
gastroenterologist
gatherer
gawker
gendarme
general
generator
geneticist
genitor
gent
geologist
geophysicist
ghostwriter
Gibson girl
girl
girlfriend
girlfriend
girl wonder
Girondist
gitano
gladiator
glassblower
gleaner
goat herder
godchild
godfather
godparent
godson
gofer
goffer
goldsmith
golfer
gondolier
good guy
good old boy
good Samaritan
gossip columnist
gouger
governor general
grabber
grader
graduate nurse
grammarian
granddaughter
grande dame
grandfather
Grand Inquisitor
grandma
grandmaster
grandparent
grantee
granter
grass widower
great-aunt
great grandchild
great granddaughter
great grandmother
great grandparent
great grandson
great-nephew
great-niece
Green Beret
grenadier
greeter
gringo
grinner
grocer
groom
groom
grouch
group captain
grunter
prison guard
guard
guesser
guest
guest
guest of honor
guest worker
guide
guitarist
gunnery sergeant
guru
guru
guvnor
guy
gymnast
gym rat
gynecologist
Gypsy
hack
hacker
haggler
hairdresser
hakim
Hakka
halberdier
halfback
half blood
hand
animal trainer
handyman
hang glider
hardliner
harlequin
harmonizer
hash head
hatchet man
hater
hatmaker
headman
headmaster
head nurse
hearer
heartbreaker
heathen
heavyweight
heavy
heckler
hedger
hedger
hedonist
heir
heir apparent
heiress
heir presumptive
hellion
helmsman
hire
hematologist
hemiplegic
herald
herbalist
herder
hermaphrodite
heroine
heroin addict
hero worshiper
Herr
highbinder
highbrow
high commissioner
highflier
Highlander
high-muck-a-muck
high priest
highjacker
hireling
historian
hitchhiker
hitter
hobbyist
holdout
holdover
holdup man
homeboy
homeboy
home buyer
homegirl
homeless
homeopath
honest woman
honor guard
hooker
hoper
hornist
horseman
horse trader
horsewoman
horse wrangler
horticulturist
hospital chaplain
host
host
hostess
hotelier
housekeeper
housemaster
housemate
house physician
house sitter
housing commissioner
huckster
hugger
humanist
humanitarian
hunk
huntress
ex-husband
hydrologist
hyperope
hypertensive
hypnotist
hypocrite
iceman
iconoclast
ideologist
idol
idolizer
imam
imperialist
important person
inamorato
incumbent
incurable
inductee
industrialist
infanticide
inferior
infernal
infielder
infiltrator
informer
ingenue
ingenue
polymath
in-law
inquiry agent
inspector
inspector general
instigator
insurance broker
insurgent
intelligence analyst
interior designer
interlocutor
interlocutor
International Grandmaster
internationalist
internist
interpreter
interpreter
intervenor
introvert
invader
invalidator
investigator
investor
invigilator
irreligionist
Ivy Leaguer
Jack of all trades
Jacksonian
Jane Doe
janissary
Jat
Javanese
Jekyll and Hyde
jester
Jesuit
jezebel
jilt
jobber
job candidate
Job's comforter
jockey
John Doe
journalist
judge
judge advocate
juggler
Jungian
junior
junior
Junior
junior lightweight
junior middleweight
jurist
juror
justice of the peace
justiciar
kachina
keyboardist
Khedive
kingmaker
king
King's Counsel
Counsel to the Crown
kin
enate
kink
kinswoman
kisser
kitchen help
kitchen police
Klansman
kleptomaniac
kneeler
knight
knocker
knower
know-it-all
kolkhoznik
Kshatriya
labor coach
laborer
Labourite
lady
lady-in-waiting
lady's maid
lama
lamb
lame duck
lamplighter
land agent
landgrave
landlubber
landlubber
landowner
landscape architect
langlaufer
languisher
lapidary
lass
Latin
Latin
latitudinarian
Jehovah's Witness
law agent
lawgiver
lawman
law student
lawyer
lay reader
lazybones
leaker
leaseholder
lector
lector
lecturer
left-hander
legal representative
legate
legatee
legionnaire
letterman
liberator
licenser
licentiate
lieutenant
lieutenant colonel
lieutenant commander
lieutenant junior grade
life
lifeguard
life tenant
light flyweight
light heavyweight
light heavyweight
light-o'-love
lightweight
lightweight
lightweight
lilliputian
limnologist
lineman
line officer
lion-hunter
lisper
lister
literary critic
literate
litigant
litterer
little brother
little sister
lobbyist
locksmith
locum tenens
Lord
loser
loser
failure
Lothario
loudmouth
lowerclassman
Lowlander
loyalist
Luddite
lumberman
lumper
bedlamite
pyromaniac
lutist
Lutheran
lyricist
macebearer
machinist
madame
maenad
maestro
magdalen
magician
magus
maharani
mahatma
maid
maid
major
major
major-domo
maker
malahini
malcontent
malik
malingerer
Malthusian
adonis
man
man
manageress
mandarin
maneuverer
maniac
Manichaean
manicurist
manipulator
man-at-arms
man of action
man of letters
manufacturer
marcher
marchioness
margrave
margrave
Marine
marquess
marquis
marshal
martinet
mascot
masochist
mason
masquerader
masseur
masseuse
master
master
master-at-arms
master of ceremonies
masturbator
matchmaker
mate
mate
mate
mater
material
materialist
matriarch
matriarch
matriculate
matron
mayor
mayoress
mechanical engineer
medalist
medical officer
medical practitioner
medical scientist
medium
megalomaniac
melancholic
Melkite
melter
nonmember
board member
clansman
memorizer
Mendelian
mender
Mesoamerican
messmate
mestiza
meteorologist
meter maid
Methodist
Metis
metropolitan
mezzo-soprano
microeconomist
middle-aged man
middlebrow
middleweight
midwife
mikado
Milanese
miler
miles gloriosus
military attache
military chaplain
military leader
military officer
military policeman
mill agent
mill-hand
millionairess
millwright
minder
mining engineer
minister
ministrant
minor leaguer
Minuteman
misanthrope
misfit
mistress
mistress
mixed-blood
model
class act
modeler
modifier
molecular biologist
Monegasque
monetarist
moneygrubber
moneymaker
Mongoloid
monolingual
monologist
moonlighter
moralist
morosoph
morris dancer
mortal enemy
mortgagee
mortician
moss-trooper
mother
mother
mother
mother figure
mother hen
mother-in-law
mother's boy
mother's daughter
motorcycle cop
motorcyclist
Mound Builder
mountebank
mourner
mouthpiece
mover
moviegoer
muffin man
mugwump
Mullah
muncher
murderess
murder suspect
musher
musician
musicologist
music teacher
musketeer
Muslimah
mutilator
mutineer
mute
mutterer
muzzler
Mycenaen
mycologist
myope
myrmidon
mystic
mythologist
naif
nailer
namby-pamby
name dropper
namer
nan
nanny
narc
narcissist
nark
nationalist
nautch girl
naval commander
Navy SEAL
obstructionist
Nazarene
Nazarene
Nazi
nebbish
necker
neonate
nephew
neurobiologist
neurologist
neurosurgeon
neutral
neutralist
newcomer
newcomer
New Dealer
newspaper editor
newsreader
Newtonian
niece
niggard
night porter
night rider
NIMBY
niqaabi
nitpicker
Nobelist
NOC
noncandidate
noncommissioned officer
nondescript
nondriver
nonparticipant
nonperson
nonresident
nonsmoker
Northern Baptist
noticer
novelist
novitiate
nuclear chemist
nudger
nullipara
number theorist
nurse
nursling
nymph
nymphet
nympholept
nymphomaniac
oarswoman
oboist
obscurantist
observer
obstetrician
occupier
occultist
wine lover
offerer
office-bearer
office boy
officeholder
officiant
Federal
oilman
oil tycoon
old-age pensioner
old boy
old lady
old man
oldster
old-timer
old woman
oligarch
Olympian
omnivore
oncologist
onlooker
onomancer
operator
opportunist
optimist
Orangeman
orator
orderly
orderly
orderly sergeant
ordinand
ordinary
organ-grinder
organist
organization man
organizer
organizer
originator
ornithologist
orphan
orphan
osteopath
out-and-outer
outdoorswoman
outfielder
outfielder
right fielder
right-handed pitcher
outlier
owner-occupier
oyabun
packrat
padrone
padrone
page
painter
Paleo-American
paleontologist
pallbearer
palmist
pamperer
Panchen Lama
panelist
panhandler
paparazzo
paperboy
paperhanger
paperhanger
papoose
pardoner
paretic
parishioner
park commissioner
Parliamentarian
parliamentary agent
parodist
parricide
parrot
partaker
part-timer
party
party man
passenger
passer
paster
pater
patient
patriarch
patriarch
patriarch
patriot
patron
patternmaker
pawnbroker
payer
peacekeeper
peasant
pedant
peddler
pederast
penologist
pentathlete
Pentecostal
percussionist
periodontist
peshmerga
personality
personal representative
personage
persona grata
persona non grata
personification
perspirer
pervert
pessimist
pest
Peter Pan
petitioner
petit juror
pet sitter
petter
Pharaoh
pharmacist
philanthropist
philatelist
philosopher
phonetician
phonologist
photojournalist
photometrist
physical therapist
physicist
piano maker
picker
picnicker
pilgrim
pill
pillar
pill head
pilot
Piltdown man
pimp
pipe smoker
pip-squeak
pisser
pitcher
pitchman
placeman
placer miner
plagiarist
plainsman
planner
planter
plasterer
platinum blond
platitudinarian
playboy
player
playmate
pleaser
pledger
plenipotentiary
plier
plodder
plodder
plotter
plumber
pluralist
pluralist
poet
pointsman
point woman
policyholder
political prisoner
political scientist
politician
politician
pollster
polluter
pool player
portraitist
poseuse
positivist
postdoc
poster girl
postulator
private citizen
problem solver
pro-lifer
prosthetist
postulant
potboy
poultryman
power user
power worker
practitioner
prayer
preceptor
predecessor
preemptor
preemptor
premature baby
presbyter
presenter
presentist
preserver
president
President of the United States
president
press agent
press photographer
priest
prima ballerina
prima donna
prima donna
primigravida
primordial dwarf
prince charming
prince consort
princeling
Prince of Wales
princess
princess royal
principal
principal
print seller
prior
private
probationer
processor
process-server
proconsul
proconsul
proctologist
proctor
procurator
procurer
profit taker
programmer
promiser
promoter
promulgator
propagandist
propagator
property man
prophetess
prophet
prosecutor
prospector
protectionist
protegee
protozoologist
provost marshal
pruner
psalmist
psephologist
psychiatrist
psychic
psycholinguist
psychophysicist
publican
pudge
puerpera
punching bag
punter
punter
puppeteer
puppy
purchasing agent
puritan
Puritan
pursuer
pusher
pusher
pusher
putz
Pygmy
qadi
quadriplegic
quadruplet
quaker
quarter
quarterback
quartermaster
quartermaster general
Quebecois
queen
Queen of England
queen
queen
queen consort
queen mother
Queen's Counsel
question master
quick study
quietist
quitter
rabbi
racist
radiobiologist
radiologic technologist
radiologist
rainmaker
raiser
raja
rake
ramrod
ranch hand
ranker
ranter
rape suspect
rapper
rapporteur
rare bird
ratepayer
raw recruit
reader
reading teacher
realist
real estate broker
rear admiral
receiver
reciter
recruit
recruit
recruiter
recruiting-sergeant
redcap
redhead
redneck
reeler
reenactor
referral
referee
refiner
Reform Jew
registered nurse
registrar
Regius professor
reliever
anchorite
religious leader
remover
Renaissance man
renegade
rentier
repairman
reporter
newswoman
representative
reprobate
rescuer
reservist
resident commissioner
respecter
restaurateur
restrainer
retailer
retiree
returning officer
revenant
revisionist
revolutionist
rheumatologist
Rhodesian man
rhymer
rich person
rider
riding master
rifleman
right-hander
right-hand man
ringer
ringleader
roadman
roarer
rocket engineer
rocket scientist
rock star
Romanov
romanticist
ropemaker
roper
roper
ropewalker
rosebud
Rosicrucian
Mountie
Rough Rider
roundhead
civil authority
runner
runner
runner
running back
rusher
rustic
saboteur
sadist
sailing master
sailor
salesgirl
salesman
salesperson
salvager
sandwichman
sangoma
sannup
sapper
Sassenach
satrap
saunterer
Savoyard
sawyer
scalper
scandalmonger
scapegrace
scene painter
schemer
schizophrenic
schlemiel
schlockmeister
scholar
scholiast
schoolchild
schoolfriend
Schoolman
schoolmaster
schoolmate
scientist
scion
scoffer
scofflaw
scorekeeper
scorer
scourer
scout
scoutmaster
scrambler
scratcher
screen actor
scrutineer
scuba diver
sculptor
Sea Scout
seasonal worker
seasoner
second baseman
second cousin
seconder
second fiddle
second-in-command
second lieutenant
second-rater
secretary
Secretary of Agriculture
Secretary of Health and Human Services
Secretary of State
Secretary of the Interior
sectarian
section hand
secularist
security consultant
seeded player
seeder
seeker
segregate
segregator
selectman
selectwoman
selfish person
self-starter
seller
selling agent
semanticist
semifinalist
seminarian
senator
sendee
senior
senior vice president
separatist
septuagenarian
serf
spree killer
serjeant-at-law
server
serviceman
settler
settler
sex symbol
sexton
shaheed
Shakespearian
shanghaier
sharecropper
shaver
Shavian
sheep
sheik
shelver
shepherd
ship-breaker
shipmate
shipowner
shipping agent
shirtmaker
shogun
shopaholic
shop girl
shop steward
shot putter
shrew
shuffler
shyster
sibling
sick person
sightreader
signaler
signer
signor
signora
signore
signorina
silent partner
addle-head
simperer
singer
Sinologist
sipper
sirrah
Sister
sister
waverer
sitar player
sixth-former
skateboarder
skeptic
sketcher
skidder
skier
skinny-dipper
skin-diver
skinhead
slasher
slattern
sleeper
sleeper
sleeping beauty
sleuth
slob
sloganeer
slopseller
smasher
smirker
smith
smoothie
smuggler
sneezer
snob
snoop
snorer
sob sister
soccer player
social anthropologist
social climber
socialist
socializer
social scientist
social secretary
Socinian
sociolinguist
sociologist
soda jerk
sodalist
sodomite
soldier
son
songster
songstress
songwriter
sorcerer
sorehead
soul mate
Southern Baptist
sovereign
spacewalker
Spanish American
sparring partner
spastic
speaker
native speaker
Speaker
speechwriter
specialist
specifier
spectator
speech therapist
speedskater
spellbinder
sphinx
spinster
split end
sport
sport
sporting man
sports announcer
sports editor
sprog
square dancer
square shooter
squatter
squire
squire
staff member
staff sergeant
stage director
stainer
stakeholder
stalker
stalking-horse
stammerer
stamper
standee
stand-in
star
starlet
starter
statesman
state treasurer
stationer
stenographer
stentor
stepbrother
stepmother
stepparent
stevedore
steward
steward
steward
stickler
stiff
stifler
stipendiary
stitcher
stockjobber
stock trader
stockist
stoker
stooper
store detective
strafer
straight man
stranger
stranger
strategist
straw boss
streetwalker
stretcher-bearer
struggler
stud
student
stumblebum
stylist
subaltern
subcontractor
subduer
subject
subordinate
substitute
successor
successor
succorer
Sufi
suffragan
suffragette
sugar daddy
suicide bomber
suitor
sumo wrestler
sunbather
sundowner
super heavyweight
superior
supermom
supernumerary
supremo
surgeon
Surgeon General
Surgeon General
surpriser
surveyor
surveyor
survivor
sutler
sweeper
sweetheart
swinger
switcher
swot
sycophant
sylph
sympathizer
symphonist
syncopator
syndic
tactician
tagger
tailback
tallyman
tallyman
tanker
tapper
Tartuffe
Tarzan
taster
tax assessor
taxer
taxi dancer
taxonomist
teacher
teaching fellow
tearaway
technical sergeant
technician
Ted
teetotaler
television reporter
temporizer
tempter
term infant
toiler
tenant
tenant
tenderfoot
tennis player
tennis pro
tenor saxophonist
termer
terror
tertigravida
testator
testatrix
testee
test-tube baby
Texas Ranger
thane
theatrical producer
theologian
theorist
theosophist
therapist
Thessalonian
thinker
thinker
thrower
thurifer
ticket collector
tight end
tiler
timekeeper
Timorese
tinkerer
tinsmith
tinter
tippler
tipster
T-man
toastmaster
toast mistress
tobogganist
tomboy
toolmaker
torchbearer
Tory
Tory
tosser
tosser
totalitarian
tourist
tout
tout
tovarich
towhead
town clerk
town crier
townsman
toxicologist
track star
trader
trade unionist
traditionalist
traffic cop
tragedian
tragedian
tragedienne
trail boss
trainer
traitor
traitress
transactor
transcriber
transfer
transferee
translator
transvestite
traveling salesman
traverser
trawler
Treasury
trencher
trend-setter
tribesman
trier
trifler
trooper
trooper
Trotskyite
truant
trumpeter
trusty
Tudor
tumbler
tutee
twin
two-timer
Tyke
tympanist
typist
tyrant
umpire
understudy
undesirable
unicyclist
unilateralist
Unitarian
Arminian
universal donor
UNIX guru
Unknown Soldier
upsetter
upstager
upstart
upstart
urchin
urologist
usherette
usher
usurper
utility man
utilizer
Utopian
uxoricide
vacationer
valedictorian
valley girl
vaulter
vegetarian
vegan
venerator
venture capitalist
venturer
vermin
very important person
vibist
vicar
vicar
vicar-general
vice chancellor
vicegerent
vice president
vice-regent
victim
Victorian
victualer
vigilante
villager
vintager
vintner
violator
violator
violist
virago
virologist
Visayan
viscountess
viscount
Visigoth
visionary
visiting fireman
visiting professor
visualizer
vixen
vizier
voicer
volunteer
volunteer
votary
votary
vouchee
vower
voyager
voyeur
vulcanizer
waffler
Wagnerian
waif
wailer
waiter
waitress
walking delegate
walk-on
wallah
wally
waltzer
wanderer
Wandering Jew
wanton
warrantee
warrantee
washer
washerman
washwoman
wassailer
wastrel
Wave
weatherman
weekend warrior
weeder
welder
welfare case
westerner
West-sider
wetter
whaler
Whig
whiner
whipper-in
whisperer
whiteface
Carmelite
Augustinian
white hope
white supremacist
whoremaster
whoremaster
widow
wife
wiggler
wimp
wing commander
winger
winner
winner
window dresser
winker
wiper
wireman
wise guy
witch doctor
withdrawer
withdrawer
woman
woman
wonder boy
wonderer
working girl
workman
workmate
worldling
worshiper
worthy
wrecker
wright
write-in candidate
writer
Wykehamist
yakuza
yard bird
yardie
yardman
yardmaster
yenta
yogi
young buck
young Turk
Young Turk
Zionist
zoo keeper
Genet
Kennan
Munro
Popper
Stoker
Townes
dust storm
parhelion
snow
facula
wave
microflora
wilding
semi-climber
volva
basidiocarp
domatium
apomict
aquatic
bryophyte
acrocarp
sphagnum
liverwort
hepatica
pecopteris
pteridophyte
fern
fern ally
spore
carpospore
chlamydospore
conidium
oospore
tetraspore
zoospore
cryptogam
spermatophyte
seedling
annual
biennial
perennial
hygrophyte
gymnosperm
gnetum
Catha edulis
ephedra
mahuang
welwitschia
cycad
sago palm
false sago
zamia
coontie
ceratozamia
dioon
encephalartos
kaffir bread
macrozamia
burrawong
pine
pinon
nut pine
pinon pine
Rocky mountain pinon
single-leaf
bishop pine
California single-leaf pinyon
Parry's pinyon
spruce pine
black pine
pitch pine
pond pine
stone pine
Swiss pine
cembra nut
Swiss mountain pine
ancient pine
white pine
American white pine
western white pine
southwestern white pine
limber pine
whitebark pine
yellow pine
ponderosa
Jeffrey pine
shore pine
Sierra lodgepole pine
loblolly pine
jack pine
swamp pine
longleaf pine
shortleaf pine
red pine
Scotch pine
scrub pine
Monterey pine
bristlecone pine
table-mountain pine
knobcone pine
Japanese red pine
Japanese black pine
Torrey pine
larch
American larch
western larch
subalpine larch
European larch
Siberian larch
golden larch
fir
silver fir
amabilis fir
European silver fir
white fir
balsam fir
Fraser fir
lowland fir
Alpine fir
Santa Lucia fir
cedar
cedar of Lebanon
deodar
Atlas cedar
spruce
Norway spruce
weeping spruce
Engelmann spruce
white spruce
black spruce
Siberian spruce
Sitka spruce
oriental spruce
Colorado spruce
red spruce
hemlock
eastern hemlock
Carolina hemlock
mountain hemlock
western hemlock
douglas fir
green douglas fir
big-cone spruce
Cathaya
cedar
cypress
gowen cypress
pygmy cypress
Santa Cruz cypress
Arizona cypress
Guadalupe cypress
Monterey cypress
Mexican cypress
Italian cypress
King William pine
Chilean cedar
incense cedar
southern white cedar
Oregon cedar
yellow cypress
Japanese cedar
juniper berry
incense cedar
kawaka
pahautea
metasequoia
arborvitae
western red cedar
American arborvitae
Oriental arborvitae
hiba arborvitae
keteleeria
Wollemi pine
araucaria
monkey puzzle
norfolk island pine
new caledonian pine
bunya bunya
hoop pine
kauri pine
kauri
amboina pine
dundathu pine
red kauri
plum-yew
California nutmeg
stinking cedar
celery pine
celery top pine
tanekaha
Alpine celery pine
yellowwood
gymnospermous yellowwood
podocarp
yacca
brown pine
cape yellowwood
South-African yellowwood
alpine totara
totara
common yellowwood
kahikatea
rimu
tarwood
common sickle pine
yellow-leaf sickle pine
tarwood
westland pine
huon pine
Chilean rimu
mountain rimu
nagi
miro
matai
plum-fruited yew
Prince Albert yew
Sundacarpus amara
Japanese umbrella pine
yew
Old World yew
Pacific yew
Japanese yew
Florida yew
New Caledonian yew
white-berry yew
ginkgo
angiosperm
dicot
monocot
floret
flower
bloomer
wildflower
apetalous flower
inflorescence
rosebud
gynostegium
pollinium
pistil
gynobase
gynophore
stylopodium
carpophore
cornstalk
petiolule
mericarp
micropyle
germ tube
pollen tube
gemma
galbulus
nectary
pericarp
epicarp
mesocarp
pip
silique
cataphyll
perisperm
monocarp
sporophyte
gametophyte
megasporangium
microspore
microsporangium
microsporophyll
archespore
bonduc nut
Job's tears
oilseed
castor bean
cottonseed
candlenut
peach pit
hypanthium
petal
corolla
lip
perianth
thistledown
custard apple
cherimoya
ilama
soursop
bullock's heart
sweetsop
pond apple
pawpaw
ilang-ilang
lancewood
Guinea pepper
barberry
American barberry
common barberry
Japanese barberry
Oregon grape
Oregon grape
mayapple
May apple
allspice
Carolina allspice
spicebush
katsura tree
laurel
true laurel
camphor tree
cinnamon
cassia
cassia bark
Saigon cinnamon
cinnamon bark
spicebush
avocado
laurel-tree
sassafras
California laurel
anise tree
purple anise
star anise
star anise
magnolia
southern magnolia
umbrella tree
earleaved umbrella tree
cucumber tree
large-leaved magnolia
saucer magnolia
star magnolia
sweet bay
manglietia
tulip tree
moonseed
common moonseed
Carolina moonseed
nutmeg
water nymph
European white lily
southern spatterdock
lotus
water chinquapin
water-shield
water-shield
peony
buttercup
meadow buttercup
water crowfoot
lesser celandine
lesser spearwort
greater spearwort
western buttercup
creeping buttercup
cursed crowfoot
aconite
monkshood
wolfsbane
baneberry
baneberry
red baneberry
pheasant's-eye
anemone
Alpine anemone
Canada anemone
thimbleweed
wood anemone
wood anemone
longheaded thimbleweed
snowdrop anemone
Virginia thimbleweed
rue anemone
columbine
meeting house
blue columbine
granny's bonnets
marsh marigold
American bugbane
black cohosh
fetid bugbane
clematis
pine hyacinth
blue jasmine
golden clematis
scarlet clematis
leather flower
leather flower
virgin's bower
purple clematis
goldthread
rocket larkspur
delphinium
larkspur
winter aconite
lenten rose
green hellebore
hepatica
goldenseal
false rue anemone
giant buttercup
nigella
love-in-a-mist
fennel flower
black caraway
pasqueflower
meadow rue
false bugbane
globeflower
winter's bark
pepper shrub
sweet gale
wax myrtle
bay myrtle
bayberry
sweet fern
corkwood
jointed rush
toad rush
slender rush
zebrawood
Connarus guianensis
legume
legume
peanut
granadilla tree
arariba
tonka bean
courbaril
melilotus
darling pea
smooth darling pea
clover
alpine clover
hop clover
crimson clover
red clover
buffalo clover
white clover
mimosa
acacia
shittah
wattle
black wattle
gidgee
catechu
silver wattle
huisache
lightwood
golden wattle
fever tree
coralwood
albizzia
silk tree
siris
rain tree
calliandra
conacaste
inga
ice-cream bean
guama
lead tree
wild tamarind
sabicu
nitta tree
Parkia javanica
manila tamarind
cat's-claw
honey mesquite
algarroba
screw bean
screw bean
dogbane
Indian hemp
bushman's poison
impala lily
allamanda
common allamanda
dita
Nepal trumpet flower
carissa
hedge thorn
natal plum
periwinkle
ivory tree
white dipladenia
Chilean jasmine
oleander
frangipani
West Indian jasmine
rauwolfia
snakewood
Strophanthus kombe
yellow oleander
myrtle
large periwinkle
arum
cuckoopint
black calla
calamus
alocasia
giant taro
amorphophallus
pungapung
devil's tongue
anthurium
flamingo flower
jack-in-the-pulpit
friar's-cowl
caladium
Caladium bicolor
wild calla
taro
taro
cryptocoryne
dracontium
golden pothos
skunk cabbage
monstera
ceriman
nephthytis
Nephthytis afzelii
arrow arum
green arrow arum
philodendron
pistia
pothos
spathiphyllum
skunk cabbage
yautia
calla lily
pink calla
golden calla
duckweed
common duckweed
star-duckweed
great duckweed
watermeal
common wolffia
aralia
American angelica tree
American spikenard
bristly sarsaparilla
Japanese angelica tree
Chinese angelica
ivy
puka
ginseng
ginseng
umbrella tree
birthwort
Dutchman's-pipe
Virginia snakeroot
Canada ginger
heartleaf
heartleaf
asarabacca
caryophyllaceous plant
corn cockle
sandwort
mountain sandwort
pine-barren sandwort
seabeach sandwort
rock sandwort
thyme-leaved sandwort
mouse-ear chickweed
snow-in-summer
Alpine mouse-ear
pink
sweet William
carnation
china pink
Japanese pink
maiden pink
cheddar pink
button pink
cottage pink
fringed pink
drypis
baby's breath
coral necklace
lychnis
ragged robin
scarlet lychnis
mullein pink
sandwort
sandwort
soapwort
knawel
silene
moss campion
wild pink
red campion
white campion
fire pink
bladder campion
corn spurry
sand spurry
chickweed
common chickweed
cowherb
Hottentot fig
livingstone daisy
fig marigold
ice plant
New Zealand spinach
amaranth
amaranth
tumbleweed
prince's-feather
pigweed
thorny amaranth
alligator weed
cockscomb
cottonweed
globe amaranth
bloodleaf
saltwort
lamb's-quarters
good-king-henry
Jerusalem oak
oak-leaved goosefoot
sowbane
nettle-leaved goosefoot
red goosefoot
stinking goosefoot
orach
saltbush
garden orache
desert holly
quail bush
beet
beetroot
chard
mangel-wurzel
winged pigweed
halogeton
glasswort
saltwort
Russian thistle
greasewood
scarlet musk flower
sand verbena
sweet sand verbena
yellow sand verbena
beach pancake
beach sand verbena
desert sand verbena
trailing four o'clock
bougainvillea
umbrellawort
four o'clock
common four-o'clock
California four o'clock
sweet four o'clock
desert four o'clock
mountain four o'clock
cockspur
rattail cactus
saguaro
night-blooming cereus
echinocactus
hedgehog cactus
golden barrel cactus
hedgehog cereus
rainbow cactus
epiphyllum
barrel cactus
night-blooming cereus
chichipe
mescal
mescal button
mammillaria
feather ball
garambulla
Knowlton's cactus
nopal
prickly pear
cholla
nopal
tuna
Barbados gooseberry
mistletoe cactus
Christmas cactus
night-blooming cereus
crab cactus
pokeweed
Indian poke
poke
ombu
bloodberry
portulaca
rose moss
common purslane
rock purslane
red maids
Carolina spring beauty
spring beauty
Virginia spring beauty
siskiyou lewisia
bitterroot
broad-leaved montia
blinks
toad lily
winter purslane
flame flower
pigmy talinum
jewels-of-opar
caper
native pomegranate
caper tree
caper tree
common caper
spiderflower
Rocky Mountain bee plant
clammyweed
crucifer
cress
watercress
stonecress
garlic mustard
alyssum
rose of Jericho
Arabidopsis thaliana
Arabidopsis lyrata
rock cress
sicklepod
tower mustard
horseradish
winter cress
yellow rocket
hoary alison
buckler mustard
wild cabbage
cabbage
head cabbage
savoy cabbage
brussels sprout
cauliflower
broccoli
collard
kohlrabi
turnip plant
turnip
rutabaga
broccoli raab
mustard
chinese mustard
bok choy
rape
rapeseed
shepherd's purse
lady's smock
coral-root bittercress
crinkleroot
American watercress
spring cress
purple cress
wallflower
prairie rocket
scurvy grass
sea kale
tansy mustard
draba
wallflower
prairie rocket
Siberian wall flower
western wall flower
wormseed mustard
heliophila
damask violet
tansy-leaved rocket
candytuft
woad
dyer's woad
bladderpod
sweet alyssum
Malcolm stock
Virginian stock
stock
brompton stock
bladderpod
chamois cress
radish plant
jointed charlock
radish
radish
marsh cress
great yellowcress
schizopetalon
field mustard
hedge mustard
desert plume
pennycress
field pennycress
fringepod
bladderpod
wasabi
poppy
Iceland poppy
western poppy
prickly poppy
Iceland poppy
oriental poppy
corn poppy
opium poppy
prickly poppy
Mexican poppy
bocconia
celandine
corydalis
climbing corydalis
California poppy
horn poppy
golden cup
plume poppy
blue poppy
Welsh poppy
creamcups
matilija poppy
wind poppy
celandine poppy
climbing fumitory
bleeding heart
Dutchman's breeches
squirrel corn
composite
compass plant
everlasting
achillea
yarrow
pink-and-white everlasting
white snakeroot
ageratum
common ageratum
sweet sultan
ragweed
common ragweed
great ragweed
western ragweed
ammobium
winged everlasting
pellitory
pearly everlasting
andryala
plantain-leaved pussytoes
field pussytoes
solitary pussytoes
mountain everlasting
mayweed
yellow chamomile
corn chamomile
woolly daisy
burdock
great burdock
African daisy
blue-eyed African daisy
marguerite
silversword
arnica
heartleaf arnica
Arnica montana
lamb succory
artemisia
mugwort
sweet wormwood
field wormwood
tarragon
sand sage
wormwood sage
western mugwort
Roman wormwood
bud brush
common mugwort
aster
wood aster
whorled aster
heath aster
heart-leaved aster
white wood aster
bushy aster
heath aster
white prairie aster
stiff aster
goldilocks
large-leaved aster
New England aster
Michaelmas daisy
upland white aster
Short's aster
sea aster
prairie aster
annual salt-marsh aster
aromatic aster
arrow leaved aster
azure aster
bog aster
crooked-stemmed aster
Eastern silvery aster
flat-topped white aster
late purple aster
panicled aster
perennial salt marsh aster
purple-stemmed aster
rough-leaved aster
rush aster
Schreiber's aster
small white aster
smooth aster
southern aster
starved aster
tradescant's aster
wavy-leaved aster
Western silvery aster
willow aster
ayapana
mule fat
balsamroot
daisy
common daisy
bur marigold
Spanish needles
tickseed sunflower
European beggar-ticks
slender knapweed
false chamomile
Swan River daisy
woodland oxeye
Indian plantain
calendula
common marigold
China aster
thistle
welted thistle
musk thistle
carline thistle
stemless carline thistle
common carline thistle
safflower
safflower seed
catananche
blue succory
centaury
dusty miller
cornflower
star-thistle
knapweed
sweet sultan
great knapweed
Barnaby's thistle
chamomile
chaenactis
chrysanthemum
corn marigold
crown daisy
chop-suey greens
golden aster
Maryland golden aster
goldenbush
rabbit brush
chicory
endive
chicory
plume thistle
Canada thistle
field thistle
woolly thistle
European woolly thistle
melancholy thistle
brook thistle
bull thistle
blessed thistle
mistflower
horseweed
coreopsis
giant coreopsis
sea dahlia
calliopsis
cosmos
brass buttons
billy buttons
hawk's-beard
artichoke
cardoon
dahlia
German ivy
florist's chrysanthemum
cape marigold
leopard's-bane
coneflower
globe thistle
elephant's-foot
tassel flower
brittlebush
sunray
engelmannia
fireweed
fleabane
blue fleabane
daisy fleabane
orange daisy
spreading fleabane
seaside daisy
Philadelphia fleabane
robin's plantain
showy daisy
woolly sunflower
golden yarrow
dog fennel
Joe-Pye weed
boneset
Joe-Pye weed
blue daisy
kingfisher daisy
cotton rose
herba impia
gaillardia
gazania
treasure flower
African daisy
Barberton daisy
desert sunflower
cudweed
chafeweed
gumweed
Grindelia robusta
curlycup gumweed
little-head snakeweed
rabbitweed
broomweed
velvet plant
goldenbush
camphor daisy
yellow spiny daisy
hoary golden bush
sneezeweed
orange sneezeweed
rosilla
sunflower
swamp sunflower
common sunflower
giant sunflower
showy sunflower
Maximilian's sunflower
prairie sunflower
Jerusalem artichoke
Jerusalem artichoke
strawflower
heliopsis
strawflower
hairy golden aster
hawkweed
rattlesnake weed
alpine coltsfoot
alpine gold
dwarf hulsea
cat's-ear
inula
marsh elder
burweed marsh elder
krigia
dwarf dandelion
garden lettuce
cos lettuce
leaf lettuce
celtuce
prickly lettuce
goldfields
tidytips
hawkbit
fall dandelion
edelweiss
oxeye daisy
oxeye daisy
shasta daisy
Pyrenees daisy
north island edelweiss
blazing star
dotted gayfeather
dense blazing star
Texas star
African daisy
tahoka daisy
sticky aster
Mojave aster
tarweed
sweet false chamomile
pineapple weed
climbing hempweed
mutisia
rattlesnake root
white lettuce
daisybush
New Zealand daisybush
cotton thistle
othonna
cascade everlasting
butterweed
American feverfew
cineraria
florest's cineraria
butterbur
winter heliotrope
sweet coltsfoot
oxtongue
hawkweed
mouse-ear hawkweed
stevia
rattlesnake root
fleabane
sheep plant
coneflower
Mexican hat
long-head coneflower
prairie coneflower
Swan River everlasting
coneflower
black-eyed Susan
cutleaved coneflower
golden glow
lavender cotton
creeping zinnia
golden thistle
Spanish oyster plant
nodding groundsel
dusty miller
butterweed
ragwort
arrowleaf groundsel
black salsify
white-topped aster
narrow-leaved white-topped aster
silver sage
sea wormwood
sawwort
rosinweed
milk thistle
goldenrod
silverrod
meadow goldenrod
Missouri goldenrod
alpine goldenrod
grey goldenrod
Blue Mountain tea
dyer's weed
seaside goldenrod
narrow goldenrod
Boott's goldenrod
Elliott's goldenrod
Ohio goldenrod
rough-stemmed goldenrod
showy goldenrod
tall goldenrod
zigzag goldenrod
sow thistle
milkweed
stevia
stokes' aster
marigold
African marigold
French marigold
painted daisy
pyrethrum
northern dune tansy
feverfew
dusty miller
tansy
dandelion
common dandelion
dandelion green
Russian dandelion
stemless hymenoxys
Mexican sunflower
Easter daisy
yellow salsify
salsify
meadow salsify
scentless camomile
turfing daisy
coltsfoot
ursinia
crownbeard
wingstem
cowpen daisy
gravelweed
Virginia crownbeard
ironweed
mule's ears
white-rayed mule's ears
cocklebur
xeranthemum
immortelle
zinnia
white zinnia
little golden zinnia
blazing star
bartonia
achene
samara
campanula
creeping bellflower
Canterbury bell
tall bellflower
marsh bellflower
clustered bellflower
peach bells
chimney plant
rampion
tussock bellflower
orchid
orchis
male orchis
butterfly orchid
showy orchis
aerides
angrecum
jewel orchid
puttyroot
arethusa
bog rose
bletia
Bletilla striata
brassavola
spider orchid
spider orchid
caladenia
calanthe
grass pink
calypso
cattleya
helleborine
red helleborine
spreading pogonia
rosebud orchid
satyr orchid
frog orchid
coelogyne
coral root
spotted coral root
striped coral root
early coral root
swan orchid
cymbid
cypripedia
lady's slipper
moccasin flower
common lady's-slipper
ram's-head
yellow lady's slipper
large yellow lady's slipper
California lady's slipper
clustered lady's slipper
mountain lady's slipper
marsh orchid
common spotted orchid
dendrobium
disa
phantom orchid
tulip orchid
butterfly orchid
butterfly orchid
epidendron
helleborine
Epipactis helleborine
stream orchid
tongueflower
rattlesnake plantain
fragrant orchid
short-spurred fragrant orchid
fringed orchis
frog orchid
rein orchid
bog rein orchid
white fringed orchis
elegant Habenaria
purple-fringed orchid
coastal rein orchid
Hooker's orchid
ragged orchid
prairie orchid
snowy orchid
round-leaved rein orchid
purple fringeless orchid
purple-fringed orchid
Alaska rein orchid
crested coral root
Texas purple spike
lizard orchid
laelia
liparis
twayblade
fen orchid
broad-leaved twayblade
lesser twayblade
twayblade
green adder's mouth
masdevallia
maxillaria
pansy orchid
odontoglossum
oncidium
bee orchid
fly orchid
spider orchid
early spider orchid
Venus' slipper
phaius
moth orchid
butterfly plant
rattlesnake orchid
lesser butterfly orchid
greater butterfly orchid
prairie white-fringed orchid
tangle orchid
Indian crocus
pleurothallis
pogonia
butterfly orchid
Psychopsis krameriana
Psychopsis papilio
helmet orchid
foxtail orchid
orange-blossom orchid
sobralia
ladies' tresses
screw augur
hooded ladies' tresses
western ladies' tresses
European ladies' tresses
stanhopea
stelis
fly orchid
vanda
blue orchid
vanilla
vanilla orchid
yam
yam
white yam
cinnamon vine
elephant's-foot
wild yam
cush-cush
black bryony
primrose
English primrose
cowslip
oxlip
Chinese primrose
polyanthus
pimpernel
scarlet pimpernel
bog pimpernel
chaffweed
cyclamen
sowbread
sea milkwort
featherfoil
water gillyflower
water violet
loosestrife
gooseneck loosestrife
yellow pimpernel
fringed loosestrife
moneywort
swamp candles
whorled loosestrife
water pimpernel
brookweed
brookweed
coralberry
marlberry
plumbago
leadwort
thrift
sea lavender
barbasco
gramineous plant
grass
midgrass
shortgrass
sword grass
tallgrass
herbage
goat grass
wheatgrass
crested wheatgrass
bearded wheatgrass
western wheatgrass
intermediate wheatgrass
slender wheatgrass
velvet bent
cloud grass
meadow foxtail
foxtail
broom grass
broom sedge
tall oat grass
toetoe
oat
cereal oat
wild oat
slender wild oat
wild red oat
brome
chess
field brome
grama
black grama
buffalo grass
reed grass
feather reed grass
Australian reed grass
burgrass
buffel grass
Rhodes grass
pampas grass
giant star grass
orchard grass
Egyptian grass
crabgrass
smooth crabgrass
large crabgrass
barnyard grass
Japanese millet
yardgrass
finger millet
lyme grass
wild rye
giant ryegrass
sea lyme grass
Canada wild rye
teff
weeping love grass
plume grass
Ravenna grass
fescue
reed meadow grass
velvet grass
creeping soft grass
barleycorn
barley grass
little barley
rye grass
perennial ryegrass
Italian ryegrass
darnel
nimblewill
cultivated rice
ricegrass
smilo
switch grass
broomcorn millet
goose grass
dallisgrass
Bahia grass
knotgrass
fountain grass
reed canary grass
canary grass
timothy
bluegrass
meadowgrass
wood meadowgrass
noble cane
munj
broom beard grass
bluestem
rye
bristlegrass
giant foxtail
yellow bristlegrass
green bristlegrass
Siberian millet
German millet
millet
rattan
malacca
reed
sorghum
grain sorghum
durra
feterita
hegari
kaoliang
milo
shallu
broomcorn
cordgrass
salt reed grass
prairie cordgrass
smut grass
sand dropseed
rush grass
St. Augustine grass
grain
cereal
wheat
wheat berry
durum
spelt
emmer
wild wheat
corn
mealie
corn
dent corn
flint corn
popcorn
zoysia
Manila grass
Korean lawn grass
bamboo
common bamboo
giant bamboo
umbrella plant
chufa
galingale
nutgrass
sand sedge
cypress sedge
cotton grass
common cotton grass
hardstem bulrush
wool grass
spike rush
water chestnut
needle spike rush
creeping spike rush
pandanus
textile screw pine
cattail
cat's-tail
bur reed
grain
kernel
rye
gourd
gourd
pumpkin
squash
summer squash
yellow squash
marrow
zucchini
cocozelle
cymling
spaghetti squash
winter squash
acorn squash
hubbard squash
turban squash
buttercup squash
butternut squash
winter crookneck
cushaw
prairie gourd
prairie gourd
bryony
white bryony
sweet melon
cantaloupe
winter melon
net melon
cucumber
squirting cucumber
bottle gourd
luffa
loofah
angled loofah
loofa
balsam apple
balsam pear
lobelia
water lobelia
mallow
musk mallow
common mallow
okra
okra
abelmosk
flowering maple
velvetleaf
hollyhock
rose mallow
althea
marsh mallow
poppy mallow
fringed poppy mallow
purple poppy mallow
clustered poppy mallow
sea island cotton
Levant cotton
upland cotton
Peruvian cotton
wild cotton
kenaf
sorrel tree
rose mallow
cotton rose
roselle
mahoe
flower-of-an-hour
lacebark
wild hollyhock
mountain hollyhock
seashore mallow
salt marsh mallow
chaparral mallow
malope
false mallow
waxmallow
glade mallow
pavonia
ribbon tree
bush hibiscus
Virginia mallow
Queensland hemp
Indian mallow
checkerbloom
globe mallow
prairie mallow
tulipwood tree
portia tree
red silk-cotton tree
cream-of-tartar tree
baobab
kapok
durian
Montezuma
shaving-brush tree
quandong
quandong
makomako
Jamaican cherry
breakax
sterculia
Panama tree
kalumpang
bottle-tree
flame tree
flame tree
kurrajong
Queensland bottletree
kola
kola nut
Chinese parasol tree
flannelbush
screw tree
nut-leaved screw tree
red beech
looking glass tree
looking-glass plant
honey bell
mayeng
silver tree
cacao
obeche
linden
American basswood
small-leaved linden
white basswood
Japanese linden
silver lime
corchorus
African hemp
herb
protea
honeypot
honeyflower
banksia
honeysuckle
smoke bush
Chilean firebush
Chilean nut
grevillea
red-flowered silky oak
silky oak
beefwood
cushion flower
rewa-rewa
honeyflower
silver tree
lomatia
macadamia
Macadamia integrifolia
macadamia nut
Queensland nut
prickly ash
geebung
wheel tree
scrub beefwood
waratah
waratah
casuarina
she-oak
beefwood
Australian pine
heath
tree heath
briarroot
winter heath
bell heather
Cornish heath
Spanish heath
Prince-of-Wales'-heath
bog rosemary
marsh andromeda
madrona
strawberry tree
bearberry
alpine bearberry
heartleaf manzanita
Parry manzanita
spike heath
bryanthus
leatherleaf
Connemara heath
trailing arbutus
creeping snowberry
salal
huckleberry
black huckleberry
dangleberry
box huckleberry
kalmia
mountain laurel
swamp laurel
trapper's tea
wild rosemary
sand myrtle
leucothoe
dog laurel
sweet bells
alpine azalea
staggerbush
maleberry
fetterbush
false azalea
minniebush
sorrel tree
mountain heath
purple heather
fetterbush
rhododendron
coast rhododendron
rosebay
swamp azalea
azalea
cranberry
American cranberry
European cranberry
blueberry
farkleberry
low-bush blueberry
rabbiteye blueberry
dwarf bilberry
evergreen blueberry
evergreen huckleberry
bilberry
bilberry
bog bilberry
dryland blueberry
grouseberry
deerberry
cowberry
diapensia
galax
pyxie
shortia
oconee bells
Australian heath
epacris
common heath
common heath
Port Jackson heath
native cranberry
pink fivecorner
wintergreen
false wintergreen
lesser wintergreen
wild lily of the valley
wild lily of the valley
pipsissewa
love-in-winter
one-flowered wintergreen
Indian pipe
pinesap
beech
common beech
copper beech
American beech
weeping beech
Japanese beech
chestnut
American chestnut
European chestnut
Chinese chestnut
Japanese chestnut
Allegheny chinkapin
Ozark chinkapin
oak chestnut
giant chinkapin
dwarf golden chinkapin
tanbark oak
Japanese oak
southern beech
myrtle beech
Coigue
New Zealand beech
silver beech
roble beech
rauli beech
black beech
hard beech
acorn
cupule
oak
live oak
coast live oak
white oak
American white oak
Arizona white oak
swamp white oak
European turkey oak
canyon oak
scarlet oak
jack oak
red oak
southern red oak
Oregon white oak
holm oak
bear oak
shingle oak
bluejack oak
California black oak
American turkey oak
laurel oak
California white oak
overcup oak
bur oak
scrub oak
blackjack oak
swamp chestnut oak
Japanese oak
chestnut oak
chinquapin oak
myrtle oak
water oak
Nuttall oak
durmast
basket oak
pin oak
willow oak
dwarf chinkapin oak
common oak
northern red oak
Shumard oak
post oak
cork oak
Spanish oak
huckleberry oak
Chinese cork oak
black oak
southern live oak
interior live oak
mast
birch
yellow birch
American white birch
grey birch
silver birch
downy birch
black birch
sweet birch
Yukon white birch
swamp birch
Newfoundland dwarf birch
alder
common alder
grey alder
seaside alder
white alder
red alder
speckled alder
smooth alder
green alder
green alder
hornbeam
European hornbeam
American hornbeam
hop hornbeam
Old World hop hornbeam
Eastern hop hornbeam
hazelnut
American hazel
cobnut
beaked hazelnut
centaury
rosita
lesser centaury
seaside centaury
slender centaury
prairie gentian
Persian violet
columbo
gentian
gentianella
closed gentian
explorer's gentian
closed gentian
great yellow gentian
marsh gentian
soapwort gentian
striped gentian
agueweed
felwort
fringed gentian
Gentianopsis crinita
Gentianopsis detonsa
Gentianopsid procera
Gentianopsis thermalis
tufted gentian
spurred gentian
sabbatia
toothbrush tree
olive tree
olive
olive
black maire
white maire
fringe tree
fringe bush
forestiera
forsythia
ash
white ash
swamp ash
flowering ash
European ash
Oregon ash
black ash
manna ash
red ash
green ash
blue ash
mountain ash
pumpkin ash
Arizona ash
jasmine
primrose jasmine
winter jasmine
common jasmine
privet
Amur privet
Japanese privet
Ligustrum obtusifolium
common privet
devilwood
mock privet
lilac
Himalayan lilac
Persian lilac
Japanese tree lilac
Japanese lilac
common lilac
bloodwort
kangaroo paw
Virginian witch hazel
vernal witch hazel
winter hazel
fothergilla
liquidambar
sweet gum
iron tree
walnut
California black walnut
butternut
black walnut
English walnut
hickory
water hickory
pignut
bitternut
pecan
big shellbark
nutmeg hickory
shagbark
mockernut
wing nut
Caucasian walnut
dhawa
combretum
hiccup nut
bush willow
bush willow
button tree
white mangrove
oleaster
water milfoil
anchovy pear
brazil nut
loosestrife
purple loosestrife
grass poly
crape myrtle
Queen's crape myrtle
myrtaceous tree
myrtle
common myrtle
bayberry
allspice
allspice tree
sour cherry
nakedwood
Surinam cherry
rose apple
feijoa
jaboticaba
guava
guava
cattley guava
Brazilian guava
gum tree
eucalyptus
flooded gum
mallee
stringybark
smoothbark
red gum
red gum
river red gum
mountain swamp gum
snow gum
alpine ash
white mallee
white stringybark
white mountain ash
blue gum
rose gum
cider gum
swamp gum
spotted gum
lemon-scented gum
black mallee
forest red gum
mountain ash
manna gum
clove
clove
tupelo
water gum
sour gum
enchanter's nightshade
Circaea lutetiana
willowherb
fireweed
California fuchsia
fuchsia
lady's-eardrop
evening primrose
common evening primrose
sundrops
Missouri primrose
pomegranate
mangrove
daphne
garland flower
spurge laurel
mezereon
Indian rhododendron
Medinilla magnifica
deer grass
canna
achira
arrowroot
banana
dwarf banana
Japanese banana
plantain
edible banana
abaca
Abyssinian banana
ginger
common ginger
turmeric
galangal
shellflower
grains of paradise
cardamom
begonia
fibrous-rooted begonia
tuberous begonia
rhizomatous begonia
Christmas begonia
angel-wing begonia
beefsteak begonia
star begonia
rex begonia
wax begonia
Socotra begonia
hybrid tuberous begonia
dillenia
guinea gold vine
poon
calaba
Maria
laurelwood
Alexandrian laurel
clusia
wild fig
waxflower
pitch apple
mangosteen
gamboge tree
St John's wort
common St John's wort
great St John's wort
creeping St John's wort
low St Andrew's cross
klammath weed
shrubby St John's wort
St Peter's wort
marsh St-John's wort
mammee apple
rose chestnut
bower actinidia
Chinese gooseberry
silvervine
wild cinnamon
papaya
souari
rockrose
white-leaved rockrose
common gum cistus
frostweed
dipterocarp
red lauan
governor's plum
kei apple
ketembilla
chaulmoogra
wild peach
candlewood
boojum tree
bird's-eye bush
granadilla
granadilla
granadilla
maypop
Jamaica honeysuckle
banana passion fruit
sweet calabash
love-in-a-mist
reseda
mignonette
dyer's rocket
false tamarisk
halophyte
viola
violet
field pansy
American dog violet
dog violet
horned violet
two-eyed violet
bird's-foot violet
downy yellow violet
long-spurred violet
pale violet
hedge violet
nettle
stinging nettle
Roman nettle
ramie
wood nettle
Australian nettle
pellitory-of-the-wall
richweed
artillery plant
friendship plant
Queensland grass-cloth plant
Pipturus albidus
cannabis
Indian hemp
mulberry
white mulberry
black mulberry
red mulberry
osage orange
breadfruit
jackfruit
marang
fig tree
fig
caprifig
golden fig
banyan
pipal
India-rubber tree
mistletoe fig
Port Jackson fig
sycamore
paper mulberry
trumpetwood
elm
winged elm
American elm
smooth-leaved elm
cedar elm
witch elm
Dutch elm
Huntingdon elm
water elm
Chinese elm
English elm
Siberian elm
slippery elm
Jersey elm
September elm
rock elm
hackberry
European hackberry
American hackberry
sugarberry
iridaceous plant
bearded iris
beardless iris
orrisroot
dwarf iris
Dutch iris
Florentine iris
stinking iris
German iris
Japanese iris
German iris
Dalmatian iris
Persian iris
Dutch iris
dwarf iris
Spanish iris
blackberry-lily
crocus
saffron
corn lily
blue-eyed grass
wandflower
amaryllis
salsilla
salsilla
blood lily
Cape tulip
hippeastrum
narcissus
daffodil
jonquil
jonquil
Jacobean lily
liliaceous plant
mountain lily
Canada lily
tiger lily
Columbia tiger lily
tiger lily
Easter lily
coast lily
Turk's-cap
Michigan lily
leopard lily
Turk's-cap
African lily
colicroot
ague root
yellow colicroot
alliaceous plant
Hooker's onion
wild leek
Canada garlic
keeled garlic
onion
shallot
nodding onion
Welsh onion
red-skinned onion
daffodil garlic
few-flowered leek
garlic
sand leek
chives
crow garlic
wild garlic
garlic chive
round-headed leek
three-cornered leek
cape aloe
kniphofia
poker plant
red-hot poker
fly poison
amber lily
asparagus
asparagus fern
smilax
asphodel
Jacob's rod
aspidistra
coral drops
Christmas bells
climbing onion
mariposa
globe lily
cat's-ear
white globe lily
yellow globe lily
rose globe lily
star tulip
desert mariposa tulip
yellow mariposa tulip
sagebrush mariposa tulip
sego lily
camas
common camas
Leichtlin's camas
wild hyacinth
dogtooth violet
white dogtooth violet
yellow adder's tongue
European dogtooth
fawn lily
glacier lily
avalanche lily
fritillary
mission bells
mission bells
stink bell
crown imperial
white fritillary
snake's head fritillary
adobe lily
scarlet fritillary
tulip
dwarf tulip
lady tulip
Tulipa gesneriana
cottage tulip
Darwin tulip
gloriosa
lemon lily
common hyacinth
Roman hyacinth
summer hyacinth
star-of-Bethlehem
bath asparagus
grape hyacinth
common grape hyacinth
tassel hyacinth
scilla
spring squill
false asphodel
Scotch asphodel
sea squill
squill
butcher's broom
bog asphodel
European bog asphodel
American bog asphodel
hellebore
white hellebore
squaw grass
death camas
alkali grass
white camas
poison camas
grassy death camas
prairie wake-robin
dwarf-white trillium
herb Paris
sarsaparilla
bullbrier
rough bindweed
clintonia
false lily of the valley
false lily of the valley
Solomon's-seal
great Solomon's-seal
bellwort
strawflower
pia
agave
American agave
sisal
maguey
maguey
Agave tequilana
cabbage tree
dracaena
tuberose
sansevieria
African bowstring hemp
Ceylon bowstring hemp
mother-in-law's tongue
Spanish bayonet
Spanish bayonet
Joshua tree
soapweed
Adam's needle
bear grass
Spanish dagger
Our Lord's candle
water shamrock
butterfly bush
yellow jasmine
flax
calabar bean
bonduc
divi-divi
Mysore thorn
brazilian ironwood
bird of paradise
shingle tree
mountain ebony
msasa
cassia
golden shower tree
pink shower
rainbow shower
horse cassia
carob
carob
paloverde
royal poinciana
locust tree
water locust
honey locust
Kentucky coffee tree
logwood
Jerusalem thorn
palo verde
Dalmatian laburnum
senna
avaram
Alexandria senna
wild senna
sicklepod
coffee senna
tamarind
false indigo
false indigo
hog peanut
angelim
cabbage bark
kidney vetch
groundnut
rooibos
milk vetch
alpine milk vetch
purple milk vetch
camwood
wild indigo
blue false indigo
white false indigo
indigo broom
dhak
pigeon pea
sword bean
pea tree
Siberian pea tree
Chinese pea tree
Moreton Bay chestnut
butterfly pea
Judas tree
redbud
western redbud
tagasaste
weeping tree broom
flame pea
chickpea
chickpea
Kentucky yellowwood
glory pea
desert pea
parrot's beak
butterfly pea
blue pea
telegraph plant
bladder senna
axseed
crotalaria
guar
white broom
common broom
rosewood
Indian blackwood
sissoo
kingwood
Brazilian rosewood
cocobolo
blackwood
bitter pea
derris
derris root
prairie mimosa
tick trefoil
beggarweed
Australian pea
coral tree
kaffir boom
coral bean tree
ceibo
kaffir boom
Indian coral tree
cork tree
goat's rue
poison bush
Spanish broom
woodwaxen
chanar
gliricidia
soy
licorice
wild licorice
licorice root
Western Australia coral pea
sweet vetch
French honeysuckle
anil
scarlet runner
hyacinth bean
Scotch laburnum
vetchling
wild pea
everlasting pea
beach pea
grass vetch
marsh pea
common vetchling
grass pea
Tangier pea
heath pea
bicolor lespediza
japanese clover
Korean lespedeza
sericea lespedeza
lentil
lentil
prairie bird's-foot trefoil
bird's foot trefoil
winged pea
lupine
white lupine
tree lupine
wild lupine
bluebonnet
Texas bluebonnet
medic
moon trefoil
sickle alfalfa
Calvary clover
black medick
alfalfa
millettia
mucuna
cowage
tolu tree
Peruvian balsam
sainfoin
restharrow
bead tree
jumby bead
locoweed
purple locoweed
tumbleweed
yam bean
shamrock pea
pole bean
kidney bean
haricot
wax bean
scarlet runner
lima bean
sieva bean
tepary bean
chaparral pea
Jamaica dogwood
pea
garden pea
edible-pod pea
sugar snap pea
field pea
field pea
common flat pea
quira
roble
Panama redwood tree
Indian beech
winged bean
breadroot
bloodwood tree
kino
red sandalwood
kudzu
bristly locust
black locust
clammy locust
carib wood
Colorado River hemp
scarlet wisteria tree
Japanese pagoda tree
mescal bean
kowhai
jade vine
hoary pea
bastard indigo
catgut
bush pea
false lupine
Carolina lupine
tipu
bird's foot trefoil
fenugreek
gorse
vetch
tufted vetch
broad bean
bitter betch
bush vetch
moth bean
snailflower
mung
cowpea
cowpea
asparagus bean
swamp oak
keurboom
keurboom
Japanese wistaria
Chinese wistaria
American wistaria
silky wisteria
palm
sago palm
feather palm
fan palm
palmetto
coyol
grugru
areca
betel palm
sugar palm
piassava palm
coquilla nut
palmyra
calamus
rattan
lawyer cane
fishtail palm
wine palm
wax palm
coconut
carnauba
caranday
corozo
gebang palm
latanier
talipot
oil palm
African oil palm
American oil palm
palm nut
cabbage palm
cabbage palm
true sago palm
nipa palm
babassu
babassu nut
cohune palm
cohune nut
date palm
ivory palm
raffia palm
bamboo palm
lady palm
miniature fan palm
reed rhapis
royal palm
cabbage palm
cabbage palmetto
saw palmetto
thatch palm
key palm
English plantain
broad-leaved plantain
hoary plantain
fleawort
rugel's plantain
hoary plantain
buckwheat
prince's-feather
eriogonum
umbrella plant
wild buckwheat
rhubarb
Himalayan rhubarb
pie plant
Chinese rhubarb
sour dock
sheep sorrel
bitter dock
French sorrel
yellow-eyed grass
commelina
spiderwort
pineapple
pipewort
water hyacinth
water star grass
naiad
water plantain
narrow-leaved water plantain
hydrilla
American frogbit
waterweed
Canadian pondweed
tape grass
pondweed
curled leaf pondweed
loddon pondweed
frog's lettuce
arrow grass
horned pondweed
eelgrass
rose
hip
banksia rose
damask rose
sweetbrier
Cherokee rose
musk rose
agrimonia
harvest-lice
fragrant agrimony
alderleaf Juneberry
flowering quince
japonica
coco plum
cotoneaster
Cotoneaster dammeri
Cotoneaster horizontalis
parsley haw
scarlet haw
blackthorn
cockspur thorn
mayhaw
red haw
red haw
quince
mountain avens
loquat
beach strawberry
Virginia strawberry
avens
yellow avens
yellow avens
prairie smoke
bennet
toyon
apple tree
apple
wild apple
crab apple
Siberian crab
wild crab
American crab apple
Oregon crab apple
Southern crab apple
Iowa crab
Bechtel crab
medlar
cinquefoil
silverweed
salad burnet
plum
wild plum
Allegheny plum
American red plum
chickasaw plum
beach plum
common plum
bullace
damson plum
big-tree plum
Canada plum
plumcot
apricot
Japanese apricot
common apricot
purple apricot
cherry
wild cherry
wild cherry
sweet cherry
heart cherry
gean
capulin
cherry laurel
cherry plum
sour cherry
amarelle
morello
marasca
almond tree
almond
bitter almond
jordan almond
dwarf flowering almond
holly-leaved cherry
fuji
flowering almond
cherry laurel
Catalina cherry
bird cherry
hagberry tree
hagberry
pin cherry
peach
nectarine
sand cherry
Japanese plum
black cherry
flowering cherry
oriental cherry
Japanese flowering cherry
Sierra plum
rosebud cherry
Russian almond
flowering almond
chokecherry
chokecherry
western chokecherry
Pyracantha
pear
fruit tree
bramble bush
lawyerbush
stone bramble
sand blackberry
boysenberry
loganberry
American dewberry
Northern dewberry
Southern dewberry
swamp dewberry
European dewberry
raspberry
wild raspberry
American raspberry
black raspberry
salmonberry
salmonberry
wineberry
mountain ash
rowan
rowanberry
American mountain ash
Western mountain ash
service tree
wild service tree
spirea
bridal wreath
madderwort
Indian madder
madder
woodruff
dagame
blolly
coffee
Arabian coffee
Liberian coffee
robusta coffee
cinchona
Cartagena bark
calisaya
cinchona tree
cinchona
bedstraw
sweet woodruff
Northern bedstraw
yellow bedstraw
wild licorice
cleavers
wild madder
cape jasmine
genipa
genipap fruit
hamelia
scarlet bush
lemonwood
negro peach
wild medlar
Spanish tamarind
abelia
bush honeysuckle
American twinflower
honeysuckle
American fly honeysuckle
Italian honeysuckle
yellow honeysuckle
hairy honeysuckle
Japanese honeysuckle
Hall's honeysuckle
Morrow's honeysuckle
woodbine
trumpet honeysuckle
European fly honeysuckle
swamp fly honeysuckle
snowberry
coralberry
blue elder
dwarf elder
American red elder
European red elder
feverroot
cranberry bush
wayfaring tree
guelder rose
arrow wood
black haw
weigela
teasel
common teasel
fuller's teasel
wild teasel
scabious
sweet scabious
field scabious
jewelweed
geranium
cranesbill
wild geranium
meadow cranesbill
Richardson's geranium
herb robert
sticky geranium
dove's foot geranium
rose geranium
fish geranium
ivy geranium
apple geranium
lemon geranium
storksbill
musk clover
incense tree
elephant tree
gumbo-limbo
Boswellia carteri
salai
balm of gilead
myrrh tree
Protium heptaphyllum
Protium guianense
water starwort
barbados cherry
mahogany
chinaberry
neem
neem seed
Spanish cedar
satinwood
African scented mahogany
silver ash
native beech
bunji-bunji
African mahogany
lanseh tree
true mahogany
Honduras mahogany
Philippine mahogany
caracolito
common wood sorrel
Bermuda buttercup
creeping oxalis
goatsfoot
violet wood sorrel
oca
carambola
bilimbi
milkwort
senega
orange milkwort
flowering wintergreen
Seneca snakeroot
common milkwort
rue
citrus
orange
sour orange
bergamot
pomelo
citron
grapefruit
mandarin
tangerine
clementine
satsuma
sweet orange
temple orange
tangelo
rangpur
lemon
sweet lemon
lime
citrange
fraxinella
kumquat
marumi
nagami
cork tree
trifoliate orange
prickly ash
toothache tree
Hercules'-club
bitterwood tree
marupa
paradise tree
ailanthus
tree of heaven
wild mango
pepper tree
Jamaica quassia
quassia
nasturtium
garden nasturtium
bush nasturtium
canarybird flower
bean caper
palo santo
lignum vitae
creosote bush
caltrop
willow
osier
white willow
silver willow
golden willow
cricket-bat willow
arctic willow
weeping willow
Wisconsin weeping willow
pussy willow
sallow
goat willow
peachleaf willow
almond willow
hoary willow
crack willow
prairie willow
dwarf willow
grey willow
arroyo willow
shining willow
swamp willow
bay willow
purple willow
balsam willow
creeping willow
Sitka willow
dwarf grey willow
bearberry willow
common osier
poplar
balsam poplar
white poplar
grey poplar
black poplar
Lombardy poplar
cottonwood
Eastern cottonwood
black cottonwood
swamp cottonwood
aspen
quaking aspen
American quaking aspen
Canadian aspen
sandalwood tree
quandong
rabbitwood
Loranthaceae
mistletoe
American mistletoe
mistletoe
American mistletoe
aalii
soapberry
wild China tree
China tree
akee
soapberry vine
heartseed
balloon vine
longan
harpullia
harpulla
Moreton Bay tulipwood
litchi
Spanish lime
rambutan
pulasan
pachysandra
Allegheny spurge
bittersweet
spindle tree
winged spindle tree
wahoo
strawberry bush
evergreen bittersweet
cyrilla
titi
crowberry
maple
silver maple
sugar maple
red maple
moosewood
Oregon maple
dwarf maple
mountain maple
vine maple
hedge maple
Norway maple
sycamore
box elder
California box elder
pointed-leaf maple
Japanese maple
Japanese maple
holly
Chinese holly
bearberry
inkberry
mate
American holly
low gallberry holly
tall gallberry holly
yaupon holly
deciduous holly
juneberry holly
largeleaf holly
Geogia holly
common winterberry holly
smooth winterberry holly
cashew
goncalo alves
Venetian sumac
laurel sumac
mango
pistachio
terebinth
mastic
Australian sumac
sumac
smooth sumac
sugar-bush
staghorn sumac
squawbush
aroeira blanca
pepper tree
Brazilian pepper tree
hog plum
mombin
poison ash
poison ivy
western poison oak
eastern poison oak
varnish tree
horse chestnut
buckeye
sweet buckeye
Ohio buckeye
dwarf buckeye
red buckeye
particolored buckeye
ebony
marblewood
marblewood
persimmon
Japanese persimmon
American persimmon
date plum
buckthorn
southern buckthorn
false buckthorn
star apple
satinleaf
balata
sapodilla
gutta-percha tree
gutta-percha tree
canistel
marmalade tree
sweetleaf
Asiatic sweetleaf
styrax
snowbell
Japanese snowbell
Texas snowbell
silver-bell tree
carnivorous plant
pitcher plant
common pitcher plant
hooded pitcher plant
huntsman's horn
tropical pitcher plant
sundew
Venus's flytrap
waterwheel plant
Drosophyllum lusitanicum
roridula
Australian pitcher plant
sedum
stonecrop
rose-root
orpine
pinwheel
Christmas bush
hortensia
fall-blooming hydrangea
carpenteria
decumary
deutzia
philadelphus
mock orange
saxifrage
yellow mountain saxifrage
meadow saxifrage
mossy saxifrage
western saxifrage
purple saxifrage
star saxifrage
strawberry geranium
astilbe
false goatsbeard
dwarf astilbe
spirea
bergenia
coast boykinia
golden saxifrage
umbrella plant
bridal wreath
alumroot
coralbells
leatherleaf saxifrage
woodland star
prairie star
miterwort
five-point bishop's cap
parnassia
bog star
fringed grass of Parnassus
false alumroot
foamflower
false miterwort
pickaback plant
currant
black currant
white currant
gooseberry
plane tree
London plane
American sycamore
oriental plane
California sycamore
Arizona sycamore
Greek valerian
northern Jacob's ladder
skunkweed
phlox
moss pink
evening-snow
acanthus
bear's breech
caricature plant
black-eyed Susan
catalpa
Catalpa bignioides
Catalpa speciosa
desert willow
calabash
calabash
borage
common amsinckia
anchusa
bugloss
cape forget-me-not
cape forget-me-not
Spanish elm
princewood
Chinese forget-me-not
hound's-tongue
hound's-tongue
blueweed
beggar's lice
gromwell
puccoon
Virginia bluebell
garden forget-me-not
forget-me-not
false gromwell
comfrey
common comfrey
convolvulus
bindweed
field bindweed
scammony
silverweed
dodder
dichondra
cypress vine
moonflower
wild potato vine
red morning-glory
man-of-the-earth
scammony
Japanese morning glory
imperial Japanese morning glory
gesneriad
gesneria
achimenes
aeschynanthus
lace-flower vine
columnea
episcia
gloxinia
Canterbury bell
kohleria
African violet
streptocarpus
Cape primrose
waterleaf
Virginia waterleaf
yellow bells
yerba santa
nemophila
baby blue-eyes
five-spot
scorpionweed
California bluebell
California bluebell
fiddleneck
fiesta flower
basil thyme
giant hyssop
yellow giant hyssop
anise hyssop
Mexican hyssop
bugle
creeping bugle
erect bugle
pyramid bugle
wood mint
hairy wood mint
downy wood mint
calamint
common calamint
large-flowered calamint
lesser calamint
wild basil
horse balm
coleus
country borage
painted nettle
Apalachicola rosemary
dragonhead
elsholtzia
hemp nettle
ground ivy
pennyroyal
hyssop
dead nettle
white dead nettle
henbit
English lavender
French lavender
spike lavender
dagga
lion's-ear
motherwort
pitcher sage
bugleweed
water horehound
gipsywort
origanum
oregano
sweet marjoram
horehound
common horehound
lemon balm
corn mint
water-mint
bergamot mint
horsemint
peppermint
spearmint
apple mint
pennyroyal
yerba buena
molucca balm
monarda
bee balm
horsemint
bee balm
lemon mint
plains lemon monarda
basil balm
mustang mint
catmint
basil
beefsteak plant
phlomis
Jerusalem sage
physostegia
plectranthus
patchouli
self-heal
mountain mint
rosemary
clary sage
purple sage
cancerweed
common sage
meadow clary
clary
pitcher sage
Mexican mint
wild sage
savory
summer savory
winter savory
skullcap
blue pimpernel
hedge nettle
hedge nettle
germander
American germander
cat thyme
wood sage
thyme
common thyme
wild thyme
blue curls
turpentine camphor weed
bastard pennyroyal
bladderwort
butterwort
genlisea
martynia
common unicorn plant
sand devil's claw
sweet unicorn plant
figwort
snapdragon
white snapdragon
yellow twining snapdragon
Mediterranean snapdragon
kitten-tails
Alpine besseya
false foxglove
false foxglove
calceolaria
Indian paintbrush
desert paintbrush
giant red paintbrush
great plains paintbrush
sulfur paintbrush
shellflower
maiden blue-eyed Mary
blue-eyed Mary
foxglove
common foxglove
yellow foxglove
gerardia
blue toadflax
toadflax
golden-beard penstemon
scarlet bugler
red shrubby penstemon
Platte River penstemon
hot-rock penstemon
Jones' penstemon
shrubby penstemon
narrow-leaf penstemon
balloon flower
Parry's penstemon
rock penstemon
Rydberg's penstemon
cascade penstemon
Whipple's penstemon
moth mullein
white mullein
purple mullein
common mullein
veronica
field speedwell
brooklime
corn speedwell
brooklime
germander speedwell
water speedwell
common speedwell
purslane speedwell
thyme-leaved speedwell
nightshade
horse nettle
African holly
potato vine
garden huckleberry
naranjilla
potato vine
potato tree
belladonna
bush violet
lady-of-the-night
angel's trumpet
angel's trumpet
red angel's trumpet
cone pepper
bird pepper
day jessamine
night jasmine
tree tomato
thorn apple
jimsonweed
pichi
henbane
Egyptian henbane
matrimony vine
common matrimony vine
Christmasberry
plum tomato
mandrake
mandrake root
apple of Peru
flowering tobacco
common tobacco
wild tobacco
cupflower
whitecup
petunia
large white petunia
violet-flowered petunia
hybrid petunia
cape gooseberry
strawberry tomato
tomatillo
tomatillo
yellow henbane
cock's eggs
salpiglossis
painted tongue
butterfly flower
Scopolia carniolica
chalice vine
verbena
lantana
black mangrove
white mangrove
black mangrove
teak
spurge
sun spurge
petty spurge
medusa's head
wild spurge
snow-on-the-mountain
cypress spurge
leafy spurge
hairy spurge
poinsettia
Japanese poinsettia
fire-on-the-mountain
wood spurge
dwarf spurge
scarlet plume
naboom
crown of thorns
toothed spurge
three-seeded mercury
croton
cascarilla
cascarilla bark
castor-oil plant
spurge nettle
physic nut
Para rubber tree
cassava
bitter cassava
cassava
sweet cassava
candlenut
tung tree
slipper spurge
candelilla
Jewbush
jumping bean
camellia
japonica
umbellifer
wild parsley
fool's parsley
dill
angelica
garden angelica
wild angelica
chervil
cow parsley
wild celery
astrantia
greater masterwort
caraway
whorled caraway
water hemlock
spotted cowbane
hemlock
earthnut
cumin
wild carrot
eryngo
sea holly
button snakeroot
rattlesnake master
fennel
common fennel
Florence fennel
cow parsnip
lovage
sweet cicely
water fennel
parsnip
cultivated parsnip
wild parsnip
parsley
Italian parsley
Hamburg parsley
anise
sanicle
purple sanicle
European sanicle
water parsnip
greater water parsnip
skirret
dogwood
common white dogwood
red osier
silky dogwood
silky cornel
common European dogwood
bunchberry
cornelian cherry
puka
kapuka
valerian
common valerian
common corn salad
red valerian
filmy fern
bristle fern
hare's-foot bristle fern
Killarney fern
kidney fern
flowering fern
royal fern
interrupted fern
crape fern
crepe fern
curly grass
pine fern
climbing fern
creeping fern
climbing maidenhair
scented fern
clover fern
nardoo
water clover
pillwort
regnellidium
floating-moss
mosquito fern
adder's tongue
ribbon fern
grape fern
daisyleaf grape fern
leathery grape fern
rattlesnake fern
flowering fern
powdery mildew
Dutch elm fungus
ergot
rye ergot
black root rot fungus
dead-man's-fingers
sclerotinia
brown cup
earthball
Scleroderma citrinum
Scleroderma flavidium
Scleroderma bovista
Podaxaceae
stalked puffball
stalked puffball
false truffle
Rhizopogon idahoensis
Truncocolumella citrina
mucor
rhizopus
bread mold
slime mold
true slime mold
cellular slime mold
dictostylium
pond-scum parasite
potato wart fungus
white fungus
water mold
downy mildew
blue mold fungus
onion mildew
tobacco mildew
white rust
pythium
damping off fungus
Phytophthora citrophthora
Phytophthora infestans
clubroot fungus
Geglossaceae
Sarcosomataceae
Rufous rubber cup
devil's cigar
devil's urn
truffle
club fungus
coral fungus
tooth fungus
lichen
ascolichen
basidiolichen
lecanora
manna lichen
archil
roccella
beard lichen
horsehair lichen
reindeer moss
crottle
Iceland moss
fungus
promycelium
true fungus
basidiomycete
mushroom
agaric
mushroom
mushroom
toadstool
horse mushroom
meadow mushroom
shiitake
scaly lentinus
royal agaric
false deathcap
fly agaric
death cap
blushing mushroom
destroying angel
chanterelle
floccose chanterelle
pig's ears
cinnabar chanterelle
jack-o-lantern fungus
inky cap
shaggymane
milkcap
fairy-ring mushroom
fairy ring
oyster mushroom
olive-tree agaric
Pholiota astragalina
Pholiota aurea
Pholiota destruens
Pholiota flammans
Pholiota flavida
nameko
Pholiota squarrosa-adiposa
Pholiota squarrosa
Pholiota squarrosoides
Stropharia ambigua
Stropharia hornemannii
Stropharia rugoso-annulata
gill fungus
Entoloma lividum
Entoloma aprile
Chlorophyllum molybdites
lepiota
parasol mushroom
poisonous parasol
Lepiota naucina
Lepiota rhacodes
American parasol
Lepiota rubrotincta
Lepiota clypeolaria
onion stem
pink disease fungus
bottom rot fungus
potato fungus
coffee fungus
blewits
sandy mushroom
Tricholoma pessundatum
Tricholoma sejunctum
man-on-a-horse
Tricholoma venenata
Tricholoma pardinum
Tricholoma vaccinum
Tricholoma aurantium
Volvaria bombycina
Pluteus aurantiorugosus
Pluteus magnus
deer mushroom
straw mushroom
Volvariella bombycina
Clitocybe clavipes
Clitocybe dealbata
Clitocybe inornata
Clitocybe robusta
Clitocybe irina
Clitocybe subconnexa
winter mushroom
mycelium
sclerotium
sac fungus
ascomycete
Clavicipitaceae
grainy club
yeast
baker's yeast
wine-maker's yeast
Aspergillus fumigatus
brown root rot fungus
discomycete
Leotia lubrica
Mitrula elegans
Sarcoscypha coccinea
Caloscypha fulgens
Aleuria aurantia
elf cup
Peziza domicilina
blood cup
Urnula craterium
Galiella rufa
Jafnea semitosta
morel
common morel
Disciotis venosa
Verpa
Verpa bohemica
Verpa conica
black morel
Morchella crassipes
Morchella semilibera
Wynnea americana
Wynnea sparassoides
false morel
lorchel
helvella
Helvella crispa
Helvella acetabulum
Helvella sulcata
discina
gyromitra
Gyromitra californica
Gyromitra sphaerospora
Gyromitra esculenta
Gyromitra infula
Gyromitra fastigiata
Gyromitra gigas
gasteromycete
stinkhorn
common stinkhorn
Phallus ravenelii
dog stinkhorn
Calostoma lutescens
Calostoma cinnabarina
Calostoma ravenelii
stinky squid
puffball
giant puffball
earthstar
Geastrum coronatum
Radiigera fuscogleba
Astreus pteridis
Astreus hygrometricus
bird's-nest fungus
Gastrocybe lateritia
Macowanites americanus
polypore
bracket fungus
Albatrellus dispansus
Albatrellus ovinus
Neolentinus ponderosus
Oligoporus leucospongia
Polyporus tenuiculus
hen-of-the-woods
Polyporus squamosus
beefsteak fungus
agaric
bolete
Boletus chrysenteron
Boletus edulis
Frost's bolete
Boletus luridus
Boletus mirabilis
Boletus pallidus
Boletus pulcherrimus
Boletus pulverulentus
Boletus roxanae
Boletus subvelutipes
Boletus variipes
Boletus zelleri
Fuscoboletinus paluster
Fuscoboletinus serotinus
Leccinum fibrillosum
Suillus albivelatus
old-man-of-the-woods
Boletellus russellii
jelly fungus
snow mushroom
witches' butter
Tremella foliacea
Tremella reticulata
Jew's-ear
rust
aecium
flax rust
blister rust
wheat rust
apple rust
smut
covered smut
loose smut
cornsmut
boil smut
Sphacelotheca
head smut
bunt
bunt
onion smut
flag smut fungus
wheat flag smut
felt fungus
waxycap
Hygrocybe acutoconica
Hygrophorus borealis
Hygrophorus caeruleus
Hygrophorus inocybiformis
Hygrophorus kauffmanii
Hygrophorus marzuolus
Hygrophorus purpurascens
Hygrophorus russula
Hygrophorus sordidus
Hygrophorus tennesseensis
Hygrophorus turundus
Neohygrophorus angelesianus
Cortinarius armillatus
Cortinarius atkinsonianus
Cortinarius corrugatus
Cortinarius gentilis
Cortinarius mutabilis
Cortinarius semisanguineus
Cortinarius subfoetidus
Cortinarius violaceus
Gymnopilus spectabilis
Gymnopilus validipes
Gymnopilus ventricosus
mold
mildew
verticillium
monilia
candida
Candida albicans
blastomycete
yellow spot fungus
green smut fungus
dry rot
rhizoctinia
houseplant
bedder
succulent
cultivar
weed
wort
brier
aril
sporophyll
sporangium
sporangiophore
ascus
ascospore
arthrospore
eusporangium
tetrasporangium
gametangium
sorus
sorus
partial veil
lignum
vascular ray
phloem
evergreen
deciduous plant
poisonous plant
vine
creeper
tendril
root climber
lignosae
arborescent plant
snag
tree
timber tree
treelet
arbor
bean tree
pollard
sapling
shade tree
gymnospermous tree
conifer
angiospermous tree
nut tree
spice tree
fever tree
stump
bonsai
ming tree
ming tree
undershrub
subshrub
bramble
liana
geophyte
desert plant
mesophyte
marsh plant
hemiepiphyte
strangler
lithophyte
saprobe
autophyte
root
taproot
prop root
prophyll
rootstock
quickset
stolon
tuberous plant
rhizome
rachis
caudex
cladode
receptacle
scape
umbel
petiole
peduncle
pedicel
flower cluster
raceme
panicle
thyrse
cyme
cymule
glomerule
scorpioid cyme
ear
spadix
bulbous plant
bulbil
cormous plant
fruit
fruitlet
seed
bean
nut
nutlet
kernel
syconium
berry
aggregate fruit
simple fruit
acinus
drupe
drupelet
pome
pod
loment
pyxidium
husk
cornhusk
pod
accessory fruit
buckthorn
buckthorn berry
cascara buckthorn
cascara
Carolina buckthorn
coffeeberry
redberry
nakedwood
jujube
Christ's-thorn
hazel
fox grape
muscadine
vinifera
Pinot blanc
Sauvignon grape
Sauvignon blanc
Muscadet
Riesling
Zinfandel
Chenin blanc
malvasia
Verdicchio
Boston ivy
Virginia creeper
true pepper
betel
cubeb
schizocarp
peperomia
watermelon begonia
yerba mansa
pinna
frond
bract
bracteole
involucre
glume
palmate leaf
pinnate leaf
bijugate leaf
decompound leaf
acuminate leaf
deltoid leaf
ensiform leaf
linear leaf
lyrate leaf
obtuse leaf
oblanceolate leaf
pandurate leaf
reniform leaf
spatulate leaf
even-pinnate leaf
odd-pinnate leaf
pedate leaf
crenate leaf
dentate leaf
denticulate leaf
erose leaf
runcinate leaf
prickly-edged leaf
deadwood
haulm
branchlet
osier
giant scrambling fern
umbrella fern
floating fern
polypody
licorice fern
grey polypody
leatherleaf
rock polypody
common polypody
bear's-paw fern
strap fern
Florida strap fern
basket fern
snake polypody
climbing bird's nest fern
golden polypody
staghorn fern
South American staghorn
common staghorn fern
felt fern
potato fern
myrmecophyte
grass fern
spleenwort
black spleenwort
bird's nest fern
ebony spleenwort
black-stem spleenwort
walking fern
green spleenwort
mountain spleenwort
lobed spleenwort
lanceolate spleenwort
hart's-tongue
scale fern
scolopendrium
deer fern
doodia
chain fern
Virginia chain fern
silver tree fern
davallia
hare's-foot fern
Canary Island hare's foot fern
squirrel's-foot fern
bracken
soft tree fern
Scythian lamb
false bracken
thyrsopteris
shield fern
broad buckler-fern
fragrant cliff fern
Goldie's fern
wood fern
male fern
marginal wood fern
mountain male fern
lady fern
Alpine lady fern
silvery spleenwort
holly fern
bladder fern
brittle bladder fern
mountain bladder fern
bulblet fern
silvery spleenwort
oak fern
limestone fern
ostrich fern
hart's-tongue
sensitive fern
Christmas fern
holly fern
Braun's holly fern
western holly fern
soft shield fern
leather fern
button fern
Indian button fern
woodsia
rusty woodsia
Alpine woodsia
smooth woodsia
Boston fern
basket fern
golden fern
maidenhair
common maidenhair
American maidenhair fern
Bermuda maidenhair
brittle maidenhair
Farley maidenhair
annual fern
lip fern
smooth lip fern
lace fern
wooly lip fern
southwestern lip fern
bamboo fern
American rock brake
European parsley fern
hand fern
cliff brake
coffee fern
purple rock brake
bird's-foot fern
button fern
silver fern
golden fern
gold fern
Pteris cretica
spider brake
ribbon fern
potato fern
angiopteris
skeleton fork fern
horsetail
common horsetail
swamp horsetail
scouring rush
marsh horsetail
wood horsetail
variegated horsetail
club moss
shining clubmoss
alpine clubmoss
fir clubmoss
ground cedar
ground fir
foxtail grass
spikemoss
meadow spikemoss
desert selaginella
resurrection plant
florida selaginella
quillwort
earthtongue
snuffbox fern
christella
mountain fern
New York fern
Massachusetts fern
beech fern
broad beech fern
long beech fern
shoestring fungus
Armillaria caligata
Armillaria ponderosa
Armillaria zelleri
honey mushroom
milkweed
white milkweed
poke milkweed
swamp milkweed
Mead's milkweed
purple silkweed
showy milkweed
poison milkweed
butterfly weed
whorled milkweed
cruel plant
wax plant
silk vine
stapelia
Stapelias asterias
stephanotis
Madagascar jasmine
negro vine
zygospore
tree of knowledge
orangery
pocketbook
shit
cordage
yard
extremum
leaf shape
equilateral
figure
pencil
plane figure
solid figure
line
bulb
convex shape
concave shape
cylinder
round shape
heart
polygon
convex polygon
concave polygon
reentrant polygon
amorphous shape
closed curve
simple closed curve
S-shape
wave
extrados
hook
envelope
bight
diameter
cone
funnel
oblong
circle
circle
equator
scallop
ring
loop
bight
helix
element of a cone
element of a cylinder
ellipse
quadrate
triangle
acute triangle
isosceles triangle
obtuse triangle
right triangle
scalene triangle
parallel
trapezoid
star
pentagon
hexagon
heptagon
octagon
nonagon
decagon
rhombus
spherical polygon
spherical triangle
convex polyhedron
concave polyhedron
cuboid
quadrangular prism
bell
angular distance
true anomaly
spherical angle
angle of refraction
acute angle
groove
rut
bulge
belly
bow
crescent
ellipsoid
hypotenuse
balance
conformation
symmetry
spheroid
spherule
toroid
column
barrel
pipe
pellet
bolus
dewdrop
ridge
rim
taper
boundary
incisure
notch
wrinkle
dermatoglyphic
frown line
line of life
line of heart
crevice
cleft
roulette
node
tree
stemma
brachium
fork
block
ovoid
tetrahedron
pentahedron
hexahedron
regular polyhedron
polyhedral angle
cube
truncated pyramid
truncated cone
tail
tongue
trapezohedron
wedge
keel
place
herpes
chlamydia
wall
micronutrient
chyme
ragweed pollen
pina cloth
chlorobenzylidenemalononitrile
carbon
charcoal
rock
gravel
aflatoxin
alpha-tocopheral
leopard
bricks and mortar
lagging
hydraulic cement
choline
concrete
glass wool
soil
high explosive
litter
fish meal
Greek fire
culture medium
agar
blood agar
hip tile
hyacinth
hydroxide ion
ice
inositol
linoleum
lithia water
lodestone
pantothenic acid
paper
papyrus
pantile
blacktop
tarmacadam
paving
plaster
poison gas
ridge tile
roughcast
sand
spackle
render
wattle and daub
stucco
tear gas
toilet tissue
linseed
vitamin
fat-soluble vitamin
water-soluble vitamin
vitamin A
vitamin A1
vitamin A2
B-complex vitamin
vitamin B1
vitamin B12
vitamin B2
vitamin B6
vitamin Bc
niacin
vitamin D
vitamin E
biotin
vitamin K
vitamin K1
vitamin K3
vitamin P
vitamin C
planking
chipboard
knothole